












                           CARNIVORE

                              by

                   Larry and Andy Wachowski


































FADE IN:

EXT.  CITY STREET - NIGHT

Dream-like tides of shadow swirl around the wet
phosphorescent streetlights that glow dimly in a desolate
urban intersection.  It is Fall; the misty breath of winter
rises up through the sewer grates.

Huddled in a small doorway is a figure swaddled in darkness.

We hear footsteps, expensive shoes clicking against the
pavement in a brisk city gait.

The figure stirs.

A well dressed man passes the doorway as the figure raises
its head.  It is Kuru.  Kuru is dressed in rags, his jet
black skin, including his face and bald head, is covered with
blue tattoos.

                    KURU
          Mister?

His hand reaches for the shadows.

                    KURU
          Mister?  You got a dollar, mister?

The man ignores him as Kuru rises behind him.

                    KURU
          Mister -- mister, please.  I'm
          hungry.

Walking even faster, the man continues past Kuru as he
strides into the street against the blinking "Don't Walk"
sign.

                    KURU
          Mister?  Mister?  Hey -- Mister!

A horn explodes as a car booms past, almost hitting the man. 
He shrieks.

Kuru's laughter echoes from the dark.

The man looks back but Kuru is gone.  He scurries across the
street toward the layered concrete parking garage.

Dead red neon causes the vertical sign to read: RAGE.

INT.  GARAGE STAIRWAY - NIGHT

The man climbs quickly, the metal stairs ringing, "thoom,
thoom, thoom."

As he reaches his level, a whisper floats up from the
garage's concrete bowels.

                    KURU
          ... mister.

The man looks over the railing but sees only shadow.  He then
turns and pushes through the door.

INT.  PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT

The grey garage is damp and cold, every sound echoing as
though it were inside a whale.

Nervous, the man hurries toward the only car on the level,
his red SAAB.  He digs out his keys and hits the remote alarm
disarm.

Far away, we hear a rattling metal sound.

The man reaches the car groping for the door handle as the
rattling draws closer.

Hy jumps into the car, locking the door and jams the key into
the ignition.

Suddenly, a baseball bat arcs down so that the twisting of
the key seems to shatter the windshield.  The explosion of
glass becomes --

INT.  DINER - NIGHT

The crash and tinkle of dirty plates being thrown into a bin
by a busboy clearing them from the table of an old diner.

Once the table is cleared by the quick automatic hands, the
busboy wipes it down with a grey rag.

He then places a setting.  A napkin.  A fork and a spoon.  A
knife.  The utensils are heavy duty stainless steel.  The
knife is flat like a butter knife but the end is serrated and
sharp enough to cut meat.

We hold on the empty setting as if we were sitting at the
table waiting to be served.

John Bunyan throws his backpack into the booth and sits down
at the empty setting.

                    JOHN
          Man, I'm starving.

John is a friendly looking fellow whose simple expression of
awe and behind-the-times wardrobe immediately places him as
new to the city.

The waitress steps over to the table.  John smiles.

                    JOHN
          Hi there.

She stands, pencil to pad, waiting for his order.

                    JOHN
          How are you tonight?

She sighs.

                    WAITRESS
          My feet hurt, my back is killing me
          and I smell like a hamburger.  Now
          what can I get you?

                    JOHN
          Let me see here.

He runs his finger down the menu, not the items, but the
prices.

                    JOHN
          I'll have the hamburger special.

                    WAITRESS
          To drink?

                    JOHN
          Water is fine.

                    WAITRESS
          Let me give you some advice,
          country.  When in Rome, do like the
          Romans, okay?

She leaves.

John takes out twenty dollars from a small compartment in his
backpack, then zips it back up.

In the background, there is a commotion that swallows the
normal diner noise.  John turns and we follow his gaze to a
far booth where a man and a woman are having an argument.

Ophelia is a young, attractive woman who is uncomfortably
overdressed, expecting to be in a more formal restaurant.

Her date, Roman Links, has the face of a weasel.  His hair is
slicked back into a ponytail and he is also overdressed but
quite comfortable.

He holds up his hamburger to her mouth, trying to get her to
taste it.

                    OPHELIA
          No!  You know I don't eat red meat!

                    LINKS
          It ain't fucking red!  Look at it! 
          It's brown.  Just try it!

                    OPHELIA
          No!

Links slaps the burger down.

                    LINKS
          Shit.  Why go out if you never try
          nothing?

                    OPHELIA
          You call this going out?

                    LINKS
          Oh, I'm sorry, this place ain't
          good enough for your highness.

She tries to lower the argument.

                    OPHELIA
          I didn't mean that.

                    LINKS
          What the fuck difference does it
          make where you eat?  All you ever
          want is a fucking salad.  I take
          you to the fucking Ritz, you'd
          order a fucking salad.

                    OPHELIA
          You have no idea what I want.

She snatches up her purse and coat.

                    LINKS
          You ain't going anywhere until you
          clean that plate.

He snatches her by the wrist.  She struggles, then grabs her
fork with her free hand.

                    OPHELIA
          Fuck you.  Fuck your salad.

She stabs him with the fork just hard enough to make him let
go.  Before she can get out of the booth, he catches hold of
her hair, yanking her head down.

                    LINKS
          You foul-mouthed bitch.

He forces her face in the plate of salad and cottage cheese.

                    LINKS
          Now eat it.  Eat it!

She screams, squirming free.  Her face covered with food,
eyes burning and tearing, she runs for the nearest door, the
women's bathroom.

Links calmly pushes the last over-sized bite of burger into
his mouth.  He chews, glancing around.

The diner is uncomfortably quiet.

He sips the last of his coffee then politely dabs at his
mouth with his napkin before getting up.

Links walks to the women's bathroom and lightly knocks on the
door.

                    LINKS
          Fifi?  Open the door.  It's Roman.

                    OPHELIA (O.S.)
          Leave me the fuck alone.

He smashes open the door, goes inside and slams it shut.

John looks around the room at the frozen employees and
patrons in the diner.  Muffled behind the bathroom door, a
sharp slap is heard and Ophelia cries out.

There is another loud slap.

The diner is silent, listening.

John stands and slowly walks toward the bathroom as the
waitress runs for the pay phone.  At the door, John can hear
Links talking and Ophelia crying.  He knocks.

Links becomes quiet and John knocks again.

The door swings open.  Links has a huge black eye.

                    LINKS
          What the fuck?

                    JOHN
          I heard the woman crying.

                    LINKS
          Are you from another planet or
          something?

                    JOHN
          Why don't you leave her alone?

Links' bony finger pokes John in the chest.

                    LINKS
          Why don't you do what you're
          supposed to do and mind your own
          fucking business.

John shrugs, staring hard.

                    JOHN
          Too late now.

                    LINKS
          You got that right.

Links throws the first punch but John blocks it, ramming a
fist into Links' gut.

Links doubles over as John grabs him, spinning him out of the
bathroom, cocking another punch.  He swings, mashing Links'
thin pointy nose, sending him sailing onto his back.

Links scrambles to his feet, a wild man, hair splayed across
his bleeding face, and grabs a knife from the nearest table.

Screaming, he rushes at John like an animal.

John jumps back but the knife slashes open his forearm.  His
hot blood speckles the bright white ceramic floor.

John howls and lunges at Links, seizing hold of the knife
hand, knocking both of them to the ground.  They thrash
wildly like dogs, Links even biting John, fighting for the
knife until --

Ophelia stomps on Links' arm with her high heel and snatches
up the knife.

                    OPHELIA
          Stop it.  Stop it, Roman!

Both men recoil, standing.  Links, his ears red hot, throws
back his hair.

                    LINKS
          This ain't over!  This ain't over!

He points at his bloody nose, staring at John.

                    LINKS
          I never forget.  This dog's got a
          long memory!  And you --

He stabs a finger at Ophelia who is still holding the knife
over him.

                    LINKS
          Pay for your own fucking salads!

They watch as he whirls, storming out of the diner.  John,
suddenly conscious of his bleeding arm, groans.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh my god.  You're really hurt.

                    JOHN
          It's okay, I think.

His knees buckle a bit at the sight of so much of his own
blood and he sits at one of the chrome tables.

                    JOHN
          Maybe not.

Ophelia digs out a handful of paper napkins from a dispenser
and presses them to his wound.

                    OPHELIA
          I can't believe this, I mean Roman
          is a little crazy but what you did,
          it was really... thank you.

John looks up into her smiling face.

                    JOHN
          You're welcome.

                    OPHELIA
          You're not from around here, are
          you?

                    JOHN
          Just off the bus, actually.  I
          didn't know it was that obvious.

Ophelia looks up, suddenly uncomfortable that the eyes of the
diner have been on them the entire time.

                    OPHELIA
          Listen --

                    JOHN
          John.  John Bunyan.

He shakes her hand, using his left.

                    OPHELIA
          I'm Ophelia.  We really need to get
          you to a doctor.

                    JOHN
          I don't really have the money.  But
          I'll be alright.

                    OPHELIA
          Do you have someplace to stay? 
          Relatives?

He shakes his head.

Ophelia looks at the clump of napkins, white soaking red.

                    OPHELIA
          Well, that arm is going to get
          infected if we don't take care of
          it.

She thinks.

                    OPHELIA
          Come on.

EXT.  THE MISSION - NIGHT

A cab pulls up outside the Mission.

The Mission is an old stone building that had once been a
proud, magnificent landmark.  It is now a squatting corpse;
with its boarded windows and crumbling brick work, it wears
an edifice of dark, urban decay.

John follows Ophelia from the cab into the alley that runs
behind the Mission.

EXT.  THE ALLEY - NIGHT

Ophelia pounds on the heavy steel side door.

                    JOHN
          What is this place?

                    OPHELIA
          It used to be something like a YMCA
          but it was condemned.  A man named
          Rex Mundi somehow convinced the
          city to let him run a soup kitchen
          out of it.

She pounds on the door again.

                    OPHELIA
          Granny?  Granny?

                    JOHN
          Your grandmother's house?

                    OPHELIA
          No, her name is Gretchen, but she
          told me to call her Granny.  She's
          the cook.

From inside, we hear a faint, old voice.

                    GRANNY
          We're closed.  Come back tomorrow.

                    OPHELIA
          Granny, wait.  It's Ophelia.  I
          have a friend here who's hurt,
          bleeding.  I was hoping you
          could...

After a long pause, a series of locks and bolts click and
slide before the door finally opens.

Granny is a woman who looks impossibly old, thin, and
wrinkled as a willow tree but has the boundless energy of a
child.  Her smile is a checkerboard of lost teeth gladly
given for the chocolate she constantly consumes.

                    OPHELIA
          Granny, this is John.

Her gaze fixes immediately on the cut on his arm and her eyes
bulge.

                    GRANNY
          Oh, blood.  Come in.  Come in
          quick.

She pulls them inside and the door slams shut.  We hear the
locks and bolts snapping back into place.

INT.  MISSION DINING HALL - NIGHT

The dining hall is a cavernous room that seems to have no
walls or a ceiling, only endless rows of cheap fold out
tables and chairs.

Beneath nasal-humming fluorescent light, Granny sits hunched
over John's arm.  Ophelia, leaning in, dabs at the wound with
a wet, bloody towel.

Close on a large button hook as Granny pushes another stitch
through the flaps of skin.  She then pulls, drawing the skin
together.

John winces.

                    GRANNY
          Almost done.  There.  Just like
          sewing up a turkey --

She wraps it with gauze as Ophelia hands her strips of tape.

                    JOHN
          Feels better already.

                    GRANNY
          Just bad enough for a nice scar and
          a good story.

She winks at him.

                    JOHN
          I don't know how to thank you.

                    GRANNY
          Oh no, no -- Well --

An idea slips into her mind and a smile creeps across her
face.

                    GRANNY
          Okay, how about a kiss?

Ophelia laughs.

                    OPHELIA
          Granny!

                    GRANNY
          Oh, it's not like that.  Just a
          sweet little thank you, that's all.

                    JOHN
          Uh, sure.

Granny leans forward, her eyes closed, lips puckered.

John puts a hand on her shoulder, leaning in, deciding to
close his own eyes.  The moment is painfully slow to arrive
as they inch closer and closer until finally their lips
touch.

Granny pops back cackling with laughter.  John laughs
awkwardly as she licks her lips, tasting the kiss.

                    GRANNY
          Yes, yes, very nice.  Ophelia, you
          ought to give them a try.

Ophelia looks up at John.  There is a hint of something
beyond the smile on her lips.

                    GRANNY
          Now, can I get you kids something
          to eat, some chocolate, maybe? 
          Sugar for the blood?

                    OPHELIA
          Actually, Granny, there was
          something else.  I brought John
          here because he's new to the city
          and has nowhere to go.

Granny is suddenly very uncomfortable.

                    GRANNY
          Oh, you'd really have to ask the
          boss about that.

                    OPHELIA
          Is Rex here tonight?

                    MUNDI
          At last, the fair Ophelia calls.

They turn as Rex Mundi emerges from the black edges of the
room.

Mundi is a dark featured man, tall and sinewy who forever
seems to be cast in shadow.  His clothes have an antique
quality to them which includes a battered stove-pipe hat.

He smiles, gliding across the room, his eyes riveted on
Ophelia.

                    GRANNY
          Rex, I thought you'd gone out.

                    MUNDI
          You know me, Gretchen.  Always
          about.

Mundi takes Ophelia's hand, holding it almost to his lips. 
His face hovers over her, nostrils flaring, inhaling the
scent of her soft skin.  Then, ever so delicately, he kisses
it.

                    MUNDI
          To what do we owe this savory
          surprise?  Tell me, how is Ms. 
          Shelley?

                    OPHELIA
          She's good.  I'll tell her you say
          hello.

Mundi nods.

                    OPHELIA
          The reason I'm here, Rex, is for my
          friend, John Bunyan.  He's looking
          for a job, a place to stay,
          anything.

Ophelia gestures to John but Mundi does not look away from
her.

                    GRANNY
          You did promise me a dishwasher,
          Rex.

Mundi considers this, turning, appraising John.  He notices
the bright, white gauze bandage and the small spot of blood
seeping through.

                    MUNDI
          Are we running an animal shelter
          now, Gretchen?  Taking in every
          wounded stray?

                    OPHELIA
          I brought him here, Rex.  It's my
          fault.  He was hurt because he
          helped me.  This is all I could
          think of.

Mundi watches John.

                    MUNDI
          The city is full of cheap hotels.

                    OPHELIA
          He doesn't have much money.

                    MUNDI
          Then why not bring him home?

Ophelia doesn't know how to answer, leaving an awkward
silence.

                    JOHN
          Listen, it's okay.  I don't need
          any charity.

                    MUNDI
          I am not offering charity.  Charity
          has no place here.

                    JOHN
          I thought this was a soup kitchen.

                    MUNDI
          Oh it is.  But it is not run out of
          charity.  There is a bargain, a
          contract if you will.  I offer a
          bowl of stew in exchange for an
          appetite.

John is confused.

                    MUNDI
          This is my mission, you see.  To
          teach those that will listen that
          no one need ever be hungry.

He has a voice that seems to weave the words around his
audience.

                    MUNDI
          Two percent of the world's
          population controls ninety percent
          of the world's wealth.  It sounds
          obscene, doesn't it?  Yet if you
          were to meet one of the two
          percenters you would find them
          quite at ease with it.  How do they
          do it?

His black eyes flash like the spinning watch of a hypnotist.

                    MUNDI
          What is it that they whisper to
          themselves when they open a closet
          full of fur coats, or a garage full
          of sports cars?  How do they
          justify the consumption of so much
          while so many have so little?  It
          is painfully simple.  They may
          equivocate, they may obfuscate, but
          deep down the rich know exactly
          what I know.  They know that this
          world is cruel, it is unfair and
          uncaring and its single guiding
          principle is dog eat dog.

                    OPHELIA
          Gee, you're as cheery as ever, Rex.

                    MUNDI
          Perhaps I should apologize for my
          candor.

                    JOHN
          Not necessary.

                    MUNDI
          In that case, would it be a fair
          question to ask you what brought
          you to our vanity fair?

                    JOHN
          Your what?

                    MUNDI
          To the big city?

                    JOHN
          Oh, just looking for a job.

                    MUNDI
          Is that all?  You seek nothing but
          a paycheck?  You have no dreams? 
          No aspirations?

                    JOHN
          Well... no.  I like to cook, I hope
          one day to open a restaurant.

                    MUNDI
          Ahh, ambition.  That is something I
          can understand.  Understand the
          dreams and you understand the man. 
          Would you agree with that?

                    JOHN
          Yeah, I think so.

                    MUNDI
          Let me tell you, Mr. Bunyan, that I
          am many things to many people but I
          am first and always a pragmatist. 
          My mission is growing and Gretchen
          reminds me that I am in need of
          hands.  I can offer you the bedroom
          above the kitchen and all of
          Gretchen's stew you can eat in
          exchange for... your hand.

John is surprised by the offer, Mundi extending his hand.

                    MUNDI
          We have a deal?

                    JOHN
          We have a deal.

They shake left hands.

Behind them, the door to the dining room opens and clangs
shut.  For a moment, silhouetted against the kitchen's light
we see a very large man.

                    MUNDI
          Ah, Kuru.  Come, someone for you to
          meet.

Kuru moves into the room and when he reaches the light, we
see that it is the man with the blue tattoos.

                    MUNDI
          Kuru, this is John, our new hand.

Kuru ignores John, whispering something in Mundi's ear.

                    MUNDI
          I must be off.  Business.  Granny
          will show you the room, John. 
          Ophelia --

He tips his hat.

                    MUNDI
          It is always a pleasure.

Together, Kuru and Mundi leave.

                    GRANNY
          I'll go find you some bedding,
          John.  Bye now, Ophelia.  Don't be
          such a stranger.

Ophelia and John are alone again.

                    OPHELIA
          I should be going too.

                    JOHN
          Listen, do you think -- I mean,
          would you mind --

                    OPHELIA
          Would you like my phone number?

                    JOHN
          Yes.  Very much, yes.

She hands him a business card she already had in her hand. 
It reads: Slimage Surgicenter.

                    OPHELIA
          It's where I work.  I wrote my home
          number on the back.  Call me.

                    JOHN
          I will.

He watches her leave then regards his increasingly throbbing
arm, the spot of blood growing wider.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

John stands in the door frame of the small, dark room.

It is bare of furniture except for a twin-sized metal framed
bed and a broken chair.  A layer of dust covers the floor
like moss.  A naked bulb hangs above John's head.

He tugs on the pull chain but the bulb is burned out.

INT.  JOHN'S BATHROOM - NIGHT

John throws a wall switch and a buzzing strip-light flickers
on.  Cancerous spots of mildew grow everywhere on the dirty
tub, shower curtain and tile.

John urinates and flushes the toilet.  Then, leaving the
light on, he edges back into his bedroom.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

John sits on the bed, the metal springs shrieking beneath his
weight.  He takes off his shoes and lays back, pulling the
single blanket over him.

After a long beat, we begin to become aware of faint noises
from deep within the building; pipes groaning, the distant
hiss of a radiator.  It is though the building were trying to
digest something.

John twists, turning away from the sounds.

INT.  APARTMENT STAIRWAY - NIGHT

Crouched in the shadow behind the banister, Roman Links
squats, hiding, watching Ophelia's door from the landing
above.  His breathing is labored, open-mouthed as both
nostrils are stuffed with wads of bloody congealing cotton. 
Below, the lobby door opens and closes.

Links presses against the spindles to watch as Ophelia climbs
the stairs and crosses to her apartment.

Silently, he descends the stairs, creeping towards her as she
pulls out her keys and unlocks the door.

A stair creaks.

Ophelia looks back over her shoulder and sees Links.  She
screams as he lunges, grabbing at her coat but she rips free
of him, squeezing through her apartment door and locking it
behind her.

                    LINKS
          Fi!  Let me in!

He pounds on the door.

                    OPHELIA
          What do you want?  What are you
          doing here?

                    LINKS
          I didn't mean to scare you, Fifi. 
          I'm really sorry about what
          happened.

He leans against the door, mock pouting.

                    LINKS
          I went a little crazy, that's all. 
          Please, Fi, open the door.  I need
          you.

                    OPHELIA
          What happened to, "Buy your own
          fucking salads?"

                    LINKS
          You know I love it when you use
          that word.

                    OPHELIA
          Yeah?  Then fuck off!

Ophelia feels the steel dinner knife still in her pocket.

                    LINKS
          Bitch.

She rips out the knife, holding it up as if to stab him.

                    OPHELIA
          Don't call me that!

                    LINKS
          Fifi in heat.

                    OPHELIA
          You little prick.

                    LINKS
          Fifi -- Come!

                    OPHELIA
          Goddamn you!

                    LINKS
          Good poodle.

                    OPHELIA
          Stop it!

                    LINKS
          Pretty poodle.

She screams, jamming the knife into the door.  An inch of the
blade splinters through, just missing Links' neck.

Links steps back, laughing.

                    OPHELIA
          I'm calling the police.

                    LINKS
          I saw you leave with that guy.  I
          saw you take him to that flophouse.

                    OPHELIA
          What?  You were following me?

He pulls out a small plastic folder that is labeled "Master
series 1001-2001."  Inside are five skeleton keys of which
Links draws the first.

                    LINKS
          It's killing me, Fi.  Just thinking
          about you and somebody else.  It's
          eating me up.

She hears the first key go into the lock.  The lock jiggles
as he twists it back and forth but it does not open.

He rips the key out, pulls another and jams it in.  Ophelia
backs away as he works it against the lock.

Another key is pushed in, its teeth fighting tumblers. 
Ophelia yanks the knife out of the door.

                    OPHELIA
          Roman!

                    LINKS
          I need you, Fifi.

He slides out the last key.

                    LINKS
          You're mine.  My Fifi.

He shoves it in, the teeth sawing into the keyhole.

                    OPHELIA
          Roman!

The lock clicks and the door floats open, stopping lightly
against the chain lock.  Ophelia holds her breath.

After a beat, she hears his footsteps fade down the stairs. 
Ophelia leans against the door, still clutching the knife.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

John sits up in his bed, hair heavy with sweat stuck to the
side of his head.  Dehydration carries him to the plip, plip,
plipping bathroom sink.

As he rises, we see that his sheets are soaked with blood.

INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHT

John squints at his bleary eyed reflection, turns on the
water, and reaches for a glass.

The glass is knocked from the sink top and shatters on the
floor.

                    JOHN
          Oh great --

John looks down and immediately sees why he broke the glass. 
Where his hand had been is now a bloody, bandaged stump.

                    JOHN
          Oh god!  My -- My hand!  Where's my
          hand?!

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM

His body heaving in panic, John searches frantically around
the room, under the bed, behind the radiator.

                    JOHN
          Where is it?  Oh god, not my hand. 
          I need that!

He turns for the hall.

INT.  KITCHEN

John finds Rex Mundi in the gleaming steel and tile kitchen
making himself a sandwich.

                    JOHN
          Rex!

Mundi smiles warmly from behind a mountain of strange
condiments, meats, and produce.

                    MUNDI
          Hello, John.  Care to join me in a
          midnight snack?

Mundi drags a serrated knife across a loaf of French bread.

                    JOHN
          No, Rex.  My hand -- Look!  My
          hand!

                    MUNDI
          Oh my, I see.

                    JOHN
          Someone -- Someone stole my hand. 
          I woke up and it was gone!

Mundi butters the two long slices of bread with clumpy wads
of mayonnaise, licking his fingers, chuckling slightly.

                    MUNDI
          Relax, John, relax.  Can't you see
          you're only dreaming?

John stares, confused.

                    JOHN
          What?  Then -- then this isn't
          real?

Mundi begins to pile things onto his sandwich.

                    MUNDI
          Real?  Oh no, John.  I didn't say
          that.  Dreams are more real, more
          true than life itself.

He looks up.

                    MUNDI
          They are the sum of us, John. 
          Secrets whispered while we slumber,
          revealing who we are.  And are
          sometimes all that we are.

Mundi returns to fixing his snack.

                    MUNDI
          You say you are missing something. 
          Your innocence?  Lost childhood,
          perhaps?  Any sexual shortcomings
          of late?

He smiles at John.

                    MUNDI
          Have you, maybe John, run off and
          sold your soul to the devil?

John begins to feel a sickness in his stomach.

                    MUNDI
          Perhaps, though, the answer is a
          more literal one.

Mundi closes the top of his sandwich.

                    MUNDI
          A hand which is a sandwich turns a
          man into a meal.

He lifts the sandwich and John sees his hand between the two
pieces of bread.

                    MUNDI
          Care for a bite?

He takes a huge bite.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM

John's eyes crack open.  He rubs his hand, then his face.

                    JOHN
          What happened to counting sheep?

He rolls over.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - DAY

Close as a pile of raw liver drops into a deep metal pot
sizzling with onions and yellow fat.

Granny stirs the reddish brown meat into the mixture, then
ladles in another cup of melted fat.  As the steam blossoms
up, she inhales deeply.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - DAY

John, still asleep, begins to smell Granny's cooking wafting
up through the floorboards.  The smell is suffocating, as if
his mouth were suddenly stuffed with liver and onions.

His eyes pop open.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - DAY

Granny pours a mound of salt into her hand and begins to
sprinkle it into the pot when John, stiff and disheveled,
stumbles into the kitchen.

                    GRANNY
          Morning.  Stomach got you up, did
          it?

Granny scoops up a big spoonful.

                    GRANNY
          Liver and onions.  Base for any
          good stew.  It's real revitalizing.

She offers the steaming meat to him, blowing on it between
her teeth.

John swallows hard, trying to keep his stomach from turning
on him.

                    JOHN
          No thanks.  Not just yet.

She dumps it back into the pot.

                    GRANNY
          Suit yourself.

They both turn as the basement door slams open and Otto
enters carrying a large sack of flour over his shoulder.

Otto is the Mission's dwarf-like butcher.  He is a terribly
wide man with enormous hands that he is constantly wiping on
his bloodstained apron.

                    GRANNY
          Oh John, this is Otto.  He handles
          the goods and deliveries and does
          all of our butcher work.

Otto wipes his hand before they shake.

He lets the bag of flour drop to the ground and crosses back
to the basement door, giving John a friendly wink.

                    JOHN
          You butcher your own meat here?

                    GRANNY
          It's a lot cheaper that way.

John watches as Otto shuts the basement door behind him. 
After a beat, we hear the click of a lock snapping into
place.

EXT.  THE MISSION - DAY

John is wandering outside the building, exploring his new
surroundings.  It does not look quite as ominous in the
sunlight.

John turns, following a strange noise around back.

EXT.  ALLEY - DAY

A large stray dog is chewing open some plastic garbage bags
piled near a dumpster.

                    JOHN
          Hey boy.  Find anything good?

As John edges closer, the dog looks up, revealing his large
canines.

John freezes as the growl grows to a bark.  The dog coils
ready to attack when the back door slaps open.

                    OTTO
          Hey!

Otto rushes right at the dog.

                    OTTO
          Get out of here!  Go on, get!

The dog whines, bolting down the alley as Otto turns to John.

                    OTTO
          You alright?  Didn't bite you, did
          he?

                    JOHN
          No.

                    OTTO
          Yeah, mostly they're alright, even
          friendly considering.  But when
          they're hungry, you got to be
          careful.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - NIGHT

Wearing heavy, yellow latex gloves, John scrubs the enormous
silver pot Granny had been cooking in earlier.  There are
stacks of soup bowls beside him, perhaps three hundred of
them, already cleaned.  John rinses the pot and racks it.  It
has been a long night.

He opens the door and sees the bowl of stew Granny left for
him.  It is still hot.

John smells it.  It smells good.  He dips a finger into it
and samples it.  Surprised, it tastes very good.

He grabs one of the newly washed spoons.

INT.  MISSION DINING HALL - NIGHT

The only lit strip of fluorescent light hangs above the far
table where Granny sits, smoking a cigarette.

John sits down with his bowl across from her.

                    GRANNY
          All done then?

                    JOHN
          It wasn't too bad.  Those bowls
          were pretty clean.

She smiles, nodding.

                    GRANNY
          They love every last drop.

                    JOHN
          Who are they?

                    GRANNY
          The poor.  Homeless.  Rex calls
          them the invisible people.

                    JOHN
          The same people every night?

                    GRANNY
          When we started, we had thirty to
          forty.  Now we get two hundred.

John spoons up his first taste of the stew.  Granny watches
as he blows on it and slips it into his mouth.

                    GRANNY
          How do you like it?

He chews a juicy piece of the meat, hot in his mouth.

                    JOHN
          It's good.  It's really good.

She seems as if she's about to start laughing.

                    JOHN
          What kind of meat is this?  Veal?

                    GRANNY
          Whatever's donated.  Veal, chicken,
          beef, lamb, rabbit even.

John samples it again, trying to identify the different
ingredients.

                    JOHN
          Garlic, rosemary, basil.  Lots of
          pepper but --

He swishes the masticated stew over and around his tongue.

                    JOHN
          There's something I can't put my
          finger on.

She smiles again.

                    JOHN
          What else is in it?

                    GRANNY
          Oh, a little bit of everything.

                    JOHN
          Come on, Granny.  A secret recipe?

                    GRANNY
          Everyone's got a secret.

                    JOHN
          I don't have any secrets.

                    GRANNY
          You do.  You just can't keep them
          to yourself.

Granny stares off into the dark edges of the room, exhaling a
cottony cloud of smoke.  John's chewing fills the silence.

He looks up.

                    GRANNY
          I remember when I came to this
          city.  I was young and poor with
          little ones.

                    JOHN
          You had kids?

                    GRANNY
          A long time ago, Rex helped me. 
          Like he helped you.

She smiles her checkerboard smile.

John fills his spoon with a big chunk of the stringy stew
meat, but stops remembering something.

                    JOHN
          Oh, Granny, do you think you could
          loan me a quarter?  I'm good for
          it.

INT.  OPHELIA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

Ophelia, in bed, awakes and reaches to answer the ringing
phone.

                    OPHELIA
          Hello?

                    JOHN
          Ophelia?  Hi, it's John.

John leans against the wall, talking on an old rotary pay
phone.

                    OPHELIA
          John?

                    JOHN
          Um, yeah.  We kind of met the other
          night...

Ophelia sits up, rubbing her eyes.

                    JOHN
          Over dinner.

She smiles.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh, hi.  How are you?  How's your
          arm?

                    JOHN
          It's okay.  Uh, did I wake you?  I
          can call another time.

                    OPHELIA
          No, no, it's okay.  You saved me
          again, actually.

                    JOHN
          Huh?

                    OPHELIA
          I was -- I was having the weirdest
          dream.

                    JOHN
          You too, huh?  I think I'm
          punishing myself for not getting a
          chance to thank you properly.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh really?  I think I should be
          thanking you.

He smiles.

                    JOHN
          Okay.  Then thank me by letting me
          cook you dinner.

She laughs.

                    OPHELIA
          Sounds easy enough.

                    JOHN
          Tomorrow?  Nine o'clock?

                    OPHELIA
          Do you mind if it's vegetarian?

                    JOHN
          How could I forget that?

                    OPHELIA
          Tomorrow then.

He lingers, savoring her goodbye.

                    JOHN
          Bye.

He hangs up, a grin spreading wide on his mouth.

EXT.  CITY STREET - NIGHT

We race with a pounding roar of drums, down an empty street,
around a corner and into a parking lot.

Faster and faster we glide across the cracked concrete which
is awash in the bright overhead kliegs toward the only car in
the lot, a red Mercedes.

We circle around the car, the drums at their most fevered
pitch and we see the driver's door open, the window smashed.

It hangs open, the only sound is the whining electric warning
that the keys have been left in the ignition.  On the car
seat, we see a splintered broken gold inlay cane.

EXT.  PARK STREET - NIGHT

The whine becomes the metal squeak of a broken shopping cart.

A small figure pushes the cart which is piled high with green
garbage bags down a deserted sidewalk, a cigarette hanging
between her wrinkled fingers.

Close on the broken wheel as blood trickles from the dark
load down the chrome frame.

INT.  JOHN'S BATHROOM - NIGHT

A steady rhythm of droplets drip from the leaping faucet
against the soft echoing digestive sounds from the building's
pipes.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

John, unable to sleep, rolls up from his bed in frustration.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - NIGHT

The refrigerator door opens, frigid light spilling into the
dark kitchen.

Inside, there is a massive bowl of raw meat.  John groans. 
He turns, reaching for a cupboard but pauses when he notices
the basement door is ajar.

With one hand, he gently pushes and it creaks open.  Down the
uneven steps, he can make out a light at the bottom.

                    JOHN
          Otto?

He steps down.

                    JOHN
          Otto, are you down here?

He looks around, then starts down the stairs.

INT.  BASEMENT - NIGHT

It is the old men's locker room.  Except for a sparse few
hooded electrician's lamps hung from the web of pipes
overhead, it is dark.

John slowly moves into the labyrinth of rusting metal
lockers.  The red paint, cracked and peeling, covers the
locker doors like frozen flame.

He creeps down the aisles past a bank of old salvaged
refrigerators and freezers most of which are wrapped and
padlocked with heavy iron chains.

INT.  WORKSHOP - NIGHT

On the pegboard, behind a six foot chopping block, John sees
various butchering tools; hacksaws, curved bone saws, and
rows of glinting, metal cleavers and paring knives.

An old white radio with a bent hanger for an antenna sits on
a workbench beneath the peg board, its knobs crusty with
smears left by bloody fiddling fingers.

A layer of sawdust covers the floor, much of it clumped
together with dried blood.

On a coat hook, John sees Otto's apron.

                    JOHN
          Otto?

At the end of the room a dirty, clear plastic curtain hangs
in front of what appears to be the showers.

He edges toward it and slides back the curtain.  The room is
pitch black.

INT.  THE SHOWERS

After a moment, John finds the pulls chain for the naked
bulb.

In the center of the room, hanging from the ceiling are
several blood encrusted meathooks.  Web-like cracks have
formed in the large tiles and green furry mold grows in the
grout lines.  Near the door, John sees a pair of black, heavy
rubber boots.

The room reeks of rot.  John catches the odor from an old
metal pail and mop in the corner of the room.

Grabbing hold of the wooden handle, he lifts the mop from the
pail, covering his nose.

There is a nasty wet, sucking noise as the tangled mop
strings separate from the scum at the bottom.  In the light,
he sees the mop is caked with thick, red-brown gore.

Sickened, he drops it back into the bucket, then turns
suddenly, hearing something from the kitchen.

John rushes for the stairs.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - NIGHT

John slips up from the basement.

Mundi stands in the open back door, looking out, a silhouette
against the alley flood lights.  From outside, we hear low,
animal-like growling.

Mundi reaches to the counter where there is a small pile of
meat in unwrapped butcher brown paper.  He takes a piece of
red meat and tosses it outside.

We hear something scarf it up as John silently backs out
through the stairwell door.

Mundi smiles almost imperceptibly as he tosses another chunk
of meat out.

                    MUNDI
          Good boy.  Good boy.

In the alley, we can make out the unmistakable forms of
several naked men and women, hunched protectively over the
meat.  As they devour it, their bare skin glows sickly under
the yellow alley light.

INT.  SLIMAGE SURGICENTER - DAY

Close on a white Persian cat, purring as it is stroked and
scratched by a woman with long, red nails.

Ms. Sedier is an extremely wealthy, older woman sitting
alone in the clinic's waiting room.  Nestled in a chair with
her mink coat over her shoulders, she seems very much like
her over-fed cat who sits in her lap.

The clinic is stylishly furnished; a cross between a modeling
agency and a nautilus health club.

Ophelia enters from her receptionist's office, smiling
brightly, carrying a clipboard.

                    OPHELIA
          We're almost ready, Ms. Sedier.  I
          just need you to sign a few more
          things.

She sits in the chair next to Ms. Sedier, pointing out the
lines that require a signature.

                    OPHELIA
          That's a beautiful cat.

                    MS. SEDIER
          Felicity.

                    OPHELIA
          Here and here.

Ms Sedier continues to sign.

                    MS. SEDIER
          They say that animals love
          unconditionally.  No matter what I
          did or what I looked like, Felicity
          will always love me.  Do you have a
          pet, Ophelia?

                    OPHELIA
          No, Ms. Sedier.

                    MS. SEDIER
          Everyone should.  Do you know Mrs. 
          Kovit?  She has a Pekinese.  She
          feeds it caviar.  Can you imagine?

She hands the clipboard back to Ophelia.

                    MS. SEDIER
          Don't you find it funny that some
          pets live better than some people?

Ophelia doesn't know how to answer.

In the background we hear a noise coming through the walls
from another room in the clinic.  It is a high-pitched whine
like that of a vacuum cleaner.

                    OPHELIA
          Well, I think we're ready.  Would
          you follow me, please?

She leads the older woman through a series of doors to --

INT.  SHELLEY M. PERDUE'S OFFICE - DAY

Ophelia opens the door allowing Ms. Sedier to enter. 
Through the opening we see Shelley M. Perdue rising from her
desk, moving to greet Ms. Sedier.

Shelley M. Perdue is a mature looking woman, unnaturally,
cosmetically perfect.  Everything about her is slick with
glamour magazine gloss.

                    SHELLEY M. PERDUE
          Evelyn, it's so good to see you
          again.

They embrace as Ophelia is about to close the door.

                    MS. SEDIER
          Did you ask her?

                    SHELLEY M. PERDUE
          Oh, Ophelia, of course you know Ms. 
          Sedier is here for a treatment, but
          she's a bit nervous after the last
          one and she asked if it would be
          possible to have Felicity nearby.

She is moving closer to Ophelia.

                    SHELLEY M. PERDUE
          I spoke with Dr. Manno and he said
          that it would not be a problem so
          would you be a dear and hold the
          kitty-cat?  You know I would myself
          if it wasn't for my allergy.

Ophelia does not want to do it.  Shelley M. Perdue takes hold
of her arm.

                    SHELLEY M. PERDUE
          It won't take long and I'll mind
          the front desk.  I really do
          appreciate this and so does Ms. 
          Sedier.

She smiles, her teeth sharp and pearly white.

Ophelia looks at Ms. Sedier and her cat.

                    MS. SEDIER
          We hate to be apart.

INT.  CLINIC OPERATING ROOM - DAY

Ms. Sedier is laying on the table, surrounded by several
nurses and the cosmetic surgeon, all dressed in white and
wearing masks.

Everything in the room looks sterile and crowded with high
tech machines attached to stainless steel cables and hoses.

Chrome-plated scalpels and other operating instruments are
spread neatly like a dinner setting.

Ms. Sedier is wearing a small hospital gown that leaves her
lower buttocks and legs exposed.  Her flesh is moon-white
except for her face which is still covered with make-up.

Ophelia, cradling the cat, watches from nearby as the
operation begins.

We hear again the whirring of the vacuum clearer but now it
is very loud.

Ophelia sees the large clear container of the liposuction
machine as it begins to fill with white, viscous wads of
cellulite.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - NIGHT

A large hunk of butter is thrown into a heavy skillet and
begins to melt.  John flashes a large knife over an onion,
doing his best Benny Hana imitation.

He carries his cutting board over to the large skillet and
scrapes the various vegetables into the hot, melted butter. 
As he turns up the burner, he looks at the clock.  It reads
7:30pm.

INT.  JOHN'S BATHROOM - NIGHT

John steps from the shower, drying himself in the swirling
steam and moves toward the sink to shave.

He wipes a circle in the fogged mirror and we see his face
lathered with shaving cream.  Dragging a cheap disposable
razor across his cheek, he nicks himself.

Close on the blood as it trickles down the white shaving
foam.

He touches the blood.  There is something about it.  The
redness.  Something he has never noticed before.

Slowly, John brings his fingers up to his nose.  Then to the
tip of his tongue.

He looks up at his reflection as though his name were just
called.  The steam has refogged the mirror somewhat, his
image blurred.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - NIGHT

Steam wisps up from a rich burbling spaghetti sauce.

There is a soft knock on the back door, John throws it open.

                    OPHELIA
          I'm so sorry I'm late.

                    JOHN
          What?  Oh no, no.  You're...
          perfect.

She smiles from the bottom step.

                    OPHELIA
          I'm starving.

                    JOHN
          Good.  Everything tastes better
          when you're hungry.

He takes her hand, leading her in and closes the door.

INT.  MISSION DINING HALL - NIGHT

John and Ophelia walk towards the far dining table.

It is romantically set, including candlelight.  The candles,
propped up in tin cans, lean at strange angles.

                    OPHELIA
          John, this is so nice.

He helps her into a chair and lifts a large jug of wine to
fill their glasses.

                    JOHN
          Only the freshest wine for the
          lady.

She looks at the cans and laughs, finding them terribly cute.

                    JOHN
          It's the best I could do on my
          budget.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh no, no.  They're perfect. 
          Everything is.

Close on a candlestick as it suddenly begins to collapse, as
though superheated, time-lapsing into a melted, multitiered
globular pool of slag wax.

Dinner is almost over.  They are still nibbling at the tangle
of saucy red noodles on their plates.  The wine bottle is
nearly empty and they both are feeling quite warm.

                    OPHELIA
          When I was little, I wanted to be a
          dancer.  My mother sent me to a
          special school one summer.  It was
          horrible.  The instructor would
          weigh us every Monday in front of
          the entire class.  Whoever weighted
          the most won the piggy prize and
          had to wear a little piggy nose for
          the rest of the week.

                    JOHN
          Yikes.  That's pretty horrible.

                    OPHELIA
          Yeah, but in a way, I was grateful
          because I learned real quickly what
          dancing was all about.  It wasn't
          tutus and ballerina shoes.  It's a
          brutally competitive world where
          you learn to torture your body to
          survive.

                    JOHN
          And how long did that take to
          learn?

                    OPHELIA
          Eight weeks.  One summer.  Tutu
          buried in the closet.  Never saw
          daylight again.

                    JOHN
          Wise woman.

                    OPHELIA
          Not wise enough.  I went from
          wanting to be a dancer to wanting
          to be a model.  Not a big
          difference.  Took me much longer to
          figure that out.  After high
          school, I came here to the city.  I
          went to all the agencies.  They
          liked me but everyone told me I
          needed "work."  My nose, my chin,
          my breasts, my hips.  They all
          needed work.

                    JOHN
          You mean surgery?

                    OPHELIA
          Yeah.  That's how I met Shelley.  I
          was about to get a nose job and I
          just broke down.  I couldn't do it. 
          She talked to me for a long time. 
          I guess she liked me 'cause she
          offered me a job.

                    JOHN
          Do you like working there?

                    OPHELIA
          Sometimes it does feel like we're
          helping people.  Other times... I
          don't know.

She drains her glass and he refills it.

                    OPHELIA
          What about you?  Have you always
          wanted to open a restaurant?

                    JOHN
          I don't think so.  But I've always
          loved cooking.

                    OPHELIA
          Well, you are an incredible cook. 
          Dinner was delicious.

                    JOHN
          Thank you.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh god, speaking of dinner, look
          what I found in my pocket the other
          day.

She pulls out the knife from the diner.

                    OPHELIA
          I don't know why I kept it.

                    JOHN
          Uh no.  I think my arm is having a
          flashback.

                    OPHELIA
          God, if what happened to you
          happened to me, I'd have been on
          the next bus back home.

                    JOHN
          No.  I can't go home.

                    OPHELIA
          Why?

                    JOHN
          I'm from this small town.  Total
          Hicksville.  Unless you've been
          there you can't imagine it.  Every
          day is the same.  The people are
          the same.  Nothing ever happens. 
          Living there is like being dead. 
          It's Night of the Living Dead, but
          it's night and day and night and
          day of the living dead.

                    OPHELIA
          What about your parents?

                    JOHN
          Living dead.

                    OPHELIA
          They can't be that bad.

                    JOHN
          My parents and I never really got
          along.  We had a falling out when I
          was young.

                    OPHELIA
          How young?

                    JOHN
          Seven.

Ophelia laughs, almost choking on a sip of wine.

                    JOHN
          I found this duckling with a broken
          wing so I decided to bring him home
          and take care of him.

                    OPHELIA
          Aw.

                    JOHN
          He was really my first pet.  I took
          him everywhere which was funny
          because I'd always see my Dad come
          back from hunting and he'd have all
          these ducks hanging upside down
          from his belt.  I figured that was
          the way you carried ducks.  So I'd
          loop some string around his feet
          and hang him from my belt.

                    OPHELIA
          Didn't he bite you?

                    JOHN
          No, he would just fall back and his
          wings would spread loose and he'd
          dangle there until I let him down.

                    OPHELIA
          The poor thing.

                    JOHN
          It gets worse.  We had a rule on
          our farm that no animal could have
          a name, for obvious reasons.  But
          that duck was my best friend.  So
          in secret I gave him a name.  I
          called him Jesus.

                    OPHELIA
          Jesus?

                    JOHN
          I was just a kid.  Anyway, after
          about a year, Jesus got nice and
          fat and one day when I came home
          from school and I smelled something
          cooking --

                    OPHELIA
          Oh no.

                    JOHN
          Oh yes.  From then on I never liked
          school and I never trusted my
          parents.

                    OPHELIA
          That is so sad.

                    JOHN
          You know what the worst, the
          weirdest part of it is?  I ate
          dinner that night.

                    OPHELIA
          You ate poor Jesus?

                    JOHN
          I had to.  They made me.  Even
          stood over me while I cleaned my
          plate.  But Jesus sure did taste
          good.

She studies him with the kind of intensity that is only
possible after consuming large quantities of alcohol.

                    JOHN
          What?

                    OPHELIA
          I'm trying to figure out why I'm so
          attracted to you since you don't
          have a hairy back.

                    JOHN
          You like hairy backs.

                    OPHELIA
          No, I hate hairy backs but I always
          seem to end up with men that have
          hairy backs.

                    JOHN
          What about hairy palms?

She laughs.

                    JOHN
          I'm glad my back isn't hairy.

                    OPHELIA
          So am I.

The urge to touch, to feel, to kiss is over-powering,
magnetically so, pulling them up from the table to each
other, their lips snapping tightly as they embrace.

She tears open his buttoned shirt and reaches for his jeans.

Every action seems to drive them farther, each desire leading
to another.  He lifts her, sitting her on the table, right
where he had been eating.  He pushes her dress up past her
thighs as she leans back on her hands, dizzy with alcohol.

We watch her reaction, lit by the flickering candles, as he
pulls off her underwear.  A smile creeps across her face,
then a short giggle.

                    OPHELIA
          He feeds me, then eats me.

We see them from the dark edges of the room.  Her thighs are
wrapped around his head when she suddenly feels a chill.

                    OPHELIA
          John, wait...

He looks up over her leg.  Looks around, then up at her. 
They laugh guiltily as he lifts her up.

We hold on the table listening to their laughter fade as they
run for the door.

INT.  SECOND FLOOR HALL - NIGHT

Moving down the hall towards John's door, we hear the sound
of violent love making.  It sounds almost bestial.

The door opens, as the sounds rise to their most desperate
and wild and we see the lovers sound asleep, the sheets wound
about their naked intertwined bodies.

But the wild animal sounds continue, as we move over the bed
to the open window.  The sounds are coming from outside,
rising up from the alley.

They grow more and more vicious, until --

A scream.

John lurches up.

Ophelia stirs slightly, as he eases from her side and goes to
the window.

Outside in the alley, he sees two stray dogs savagely
fighting over a large bone.  White, against the dark fur of
the dogs, its strange shape catches John eye.  It is a bone
he has never seen before.

After a moment, he closes the window, shutting out the noise.

EXT.  THE CITY SCAPE - DAWN

The sun has begun to rise.

INT.  OPHELIA'S APARTMENT - DAWN

Ophelia enters, closing the door behind her.  She is very
disheveled, her dress not zipped all the way up, still very
tipsy and smiling.  Obviously, she had a good time.

Then she hears something.  Something inside her apartment. 
It is still and dark inside, the orange of dawn hardly
visible behind the drawn blinds.

                    OPHELIA
          Who's in here?

Her heart pounds as she reaches for the nearest light.

                    OPHELIA
          I have a gun.

The light clicks on a metal desk lamp, and she shines it into
the darkness.  She lets out a scream when the improvised spot
finds --

Roman Links, hunched strangely, standing on her futon bed. 
He looks over his shoulder, his broken nose is taped up, his
eyes wide like an animal frozen in the headlights of a car.

                    OPHELIA
          Shit, Roman!  What --

                    LINKS
          Bitch!

He charges at her and she sees that he is naked under his
long black leather coat.

                    LINKS
          Bitch!  Filthy, fucking bitch!

She rips the lamp from its cord, the light flashing blue as
it dies.

As he lunges at her, she swings the lamp violently, catching
him on the side of the head, knocking him over a chair.

Links scurries wildly to his feet and races for the door,
still screaming.

She slams the door behind him and slides the heavy iron
deadbolt.  She nearly crumbles with relief, but realizes
something is wrong with her apartment.

There is a terrible smell.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - DAY

Granny stirs up a mixture of liver and onions as John enters,
a smile stretched from ear to ear.  His hair is pointing in
various gravity defying positions.

                    JOHN
          That smells good.

                    GRANNY
          And a good morning to you, John.

John smiles.

                    GRANNY
          I saw your company leaving this
          morning.

                    JOHN
          You did?  Was she all right?

                    GRANNY
          Oh yes.  Wearing an equally
          ridiculous smile.

John smiles even harder, almost blushing.

                    JOHN
          Man, I'm starving.

                    GRANNY
          Worked up an appetite, did we? 
          Maybe you'd like a taste?

She scoops up a spoonful.

                    JOHN
          Right now, I could eat anything.

She offers him the steaming helping of meat and wet onions
and he opens wide.

It's hot and he chews carefully.  He is again surprised by
the richness and flavor.  Rolling it in his mouth, the liver
seems to melt away, his face contorting orgasmically.

Granny smiles, holding her spoon like some bizarre
advertisement.

INT.  OPHELIA'S APARTMENT - DAY

In the background, we can hear a vigorous scrubbing sound. 
The phone begins to ring but the scrubbing does not stop.

The answering machine clicks on.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          When I woke up I was thinking maybe
          it was all a dream, but then I
          found, well not exactly a glass
          slipper...

INT.  MISSION STAIRWELL - DAY

John, on the pay phone, is holding her bright pink panties. 
Smiling, he smells them, as if they were a country morning.

                    JOHN
          But this is not your typical fairy
          tale.

INT.  OPHELIA'S APARTMENT - DAY

Ophelia, on her hands and knees, is wearing rubber gloves,
scrubbing the carpet with a heavy brush and sudsy water.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          Perhaps I should scour the
          countryside, trying every butt,
          searching for the perfect fit.

She drops the brush into the bucket and grabs the phone.

                    OPHELIA
          Hello, John, I'm home.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          Hey!  I called work but they said
          you weren't coming in.  Not
          hungover, I hope?

                    OPHELIA
          Not exactly.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          Are you okay?

                    OPHELIA
          I don't know if I want to talk
          about it.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          Oh no.  Was it Roman?

There is a long beat.

                    OPHELIA
          Yes.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          Shit.  What happened?

Her voice is very faint.

                    OPHELIA
          He just scared me.  When I came in
          he...

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          What?  He did what?

                    OPHELIA
          He pissed all over my apartment.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          Ophelia, just tell me where he
          lives --

                    OPHELIA
          No, John.  I called the police. 
          They're looking for him.  I had the
          landlord change the locks.  I don't
          want it to get any worse.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          Okay, I understand.  But if you
          need anything.  Anything.

                    OPHELIA
          Thanks.  John, I had a really
          beautiful time last night.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          So did I.

                    OPHELIA
          Call me tomorrow.

                    JOHN (V.O.)
          I will.

INT.  SLIMAGE SURGICENTER - DAY

Ms. Sedier is again in the waiting room.  She sits awkwardly
as her thighs, buttocks, and abdomen are encased by heavy
medical binders used to patch the liposuction punctures.

There is a tension to her body as though she were afraid that
motion might cause some seepage, some meaty human juice to
leak out of the sieve-like holes.

                    OPHELIA
          Are you all right, Ms. Sedier?

                    MS. SEDIER
          You're smiling today.

                    OPHELIA
          Am I?  I guess I am.

                    MS. SEDIER
          Is it a boy?

Her smile brightens.

                    OPHELIA
          Yes.

                    MS. SEDIER
          Of course.  I remember that smile. 
          It feels wonderful while it lasts
          but that's the trouble with smiles,
          they never do.

The smile fades.

                    OPHELIA
          And how do you wish to pay for this
          visit?

                    MS. SEDIER
          By check as usual.

                    OPHELIA
          There was a problem with your last
          check.

                    MS. SEDIER
          I've already spoken to Shelley
          about that.

                    OPHELIA
          Fine.

                    MS. SEDIER
          Can I ask you something, dear?  How
          much do you weigh?

                    OPHELIA
          One hundred eighteen.

                    MS. SEDIER
          A size seven?

                    OPHELIA
          Six.

                    MS. SEDIER
          I once weighed one hundred four
          pounds, wore a size four and had an
          eighteen inch waist just like
          Scarlett O'Hara.

She leans back and smiles.

INT.  CLINIC OPERATING ROOM - DAY

Doctor Manno positions Ms. Sedier's lower legs in the
stirrups of the adjustable operating table.

Ms. Sedier stares up past the bright lights at the mirrored
ceiling as the anesthetic is fed into the air mask.

                    DR. MANNO
          Okay, Ms. Sedier.  From one
          hundred.

                    MS. SEDIER
          100, 99, 98, 97...

She sucks at the gas, her thoughts drifting up to the mirror.

                    MS. SEDIER
          95... 90... Mirror, mirror on the
          wall...

Outside the observation window, Ophelia pets the fat white
cat.  The sudden vacuum whir makes the cat cry out.

                    OPHELIA
          Shhh, it's okay.

The cat continues to cry and as Dr. Manno goes to work,
Felicity squirms and jumps free.

                    OPHELIA
          Felicity!

She follows the darting cat who runs straight to Shelley's
office.

INT.  SHELLEY'S OFFICE - DAY

The cat stops, circling a pair of high heels, its white tail
curving up the perfect calf of Shelley Perdue.

                    SHELLEY
          Ophelia.

                    OPHELIA
          I'm sorry, Ms. Perdue, the cat got
          spooked.

                    SHELLEY
          I'm fine.  Come here.  Look.

She is standing at the wall adjacent to the reception area. 
The two-way mirror behind Ophelia's desk allows Shelley to
look into the waiting area while maintaining the privacy of
her office.

                    SHELLEY
          Is that him?  The one you brought
          to the mission?

Ophelia looks out the glass and sees John talking to Mimi,
one of Shelley's stunning beauty technicians.

                    OPHELIA
          Yes, John.

                    SHELLEY
          He's adorable.

Ophelia smiles again.

                    OPHELIA
          He is.

She starts to turn for the door.

                    SHELLEY
          Wait.  Watch.  I want you to see
          something.  Look at his eyes.

Mimi smiles at John, batting her luscious false eyelashes. 
John jokes with her, smiling boyishly.

Finishing a report, she stands to return a file to an open
cabinet.

The drawer is very low.  She bends.  He watches.

                    SHELLEY
          Yes.  There they are.  Eyes like
          that never lie.

Ophelia's smile again fades away.

                    SHELLEY
          Don't feel hurt, Ophelia.  Or
          jealous.  He is only looking at her
          as one might look upon a Monet, or
          a Michelangelo.  Beauty demands our
          admiration.  His eyes speak for him
          but you mustn't fault their
          honesty.

She scoops up the purring cat.

                    SHELLEY
          But if I were you, I would
          certainly ask myself, does he look
          at me like that?

INT.  RECEPTION AREA - DAY

John turns as Ophelia enters the waiting area.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia!

                    OPHELIA
          John, what are you doing here?

                    JOHN
          I came to take you to lunch.  I
          made reservations.

                    OPHELIA
          Reservations?

                    JOHN
          Yeah.  They do let you eat lunch,
          don't they?

                    OPHELIA
          Yes.

She grabs her coat and purse while Mimi smiles at them.

                    MIMI
          Have a nice time.

INT.  RESTAURANT - DAY

It is a trendy little bistro.  A charred, pepper-crusted
filet mignon is set before John.

                    JOHN
          This is exactly the kind of place
          I'd like to open one day.  Oh, that
          smells good, doesn't it?

She nods as a walnut and avocado salad is placed in front of
her.  There is a clatter of wielded knives and stabbing forks
as John begins sawing open his meat.

                    JOHN
          It can't be too big.  That's the
          trick.  The bigger it is, the more
          prep there is, the less fresh it is
          and the more assembly line it
          becomes.  You might as well open a
          McDonald's.  God, I'm starving.

Red, ruddy juice oozes from a glistening cube of steak that
he pitchforks into his mouth.

                    OPHELIA
          It's lovely, John.  I've always
          wanted to come here but it's so
          expensive.

He nods, his jaw grinding hard while she watches him, her
fork furtively advancing on her salad.

                    OPHELIA
          Where did you get the money?

Suddenly he grimaces, choking down the lump of meat.

                    OPHELIA
          Is something wrong?

                    JOHN
          Had a funny taste... like charcoal. 
          Maybe it's overcooked.

He pokes at the bloody steak.

                    OPHELIA
          Are you kidding?  It's almost raw.

                    JOHN
          It's supposed to be.

He continues to eat but tries to cut away the charred crust,
slicing out the reddest part of the steak.

                    OPHELIA
          So, you didn't answer my question.

                    JOHN
          Granny gave me some money, she said
          she knew I'd play her back some
          day.

                    OPHELIA
          She's so sweet.

                    JOHN
          Yep, she is.  And she's a helluva
          cook.  Her stew is amazing.  I'm
          trying to get the recipe.  It's
          unbelievably rich.  How's your
          salad?

                    OPHELIA
          It's good.

                    JOHN
          Yeah, but I know what you really
          want.

He stabs a tiny bit of steak onto a single fork tine.

                    JOHN
          Come on, just a little taste.

                    OPHELIA
          John, you know I don't eat meat.

                    JOHN
          Why not?  Is it a taste thing or an
          ethical thing?

                    OPHELIA
          Ethical... mostly.

                    JOHN
          You don't believe those vegetables
          died for you?

                    OPHELIA
          They don't have eyes.

                    JOHN
          What do eyes have to do with life? 
          A blind man isn't alive?  That's
          not ethics.  It's just
          discrimination.

                    OPHELIA
          I don't have to have a reason. 
          It's a personal choice.

                    JOHN
          I know but it's not like it's the
          forbidden fruit here.  You won't
          burn in hell for it.  And one tiny
          teeny weeny taste won't turn you
          into some kind of strung out meat
          addict.  So come on, just try it.

                    OPHELIA
          Why?  Why do you want me to?

                    JOHN
          Haven't you ever watched two people
          in a restaurant feeding each other,
          sharing their food?  I know why
          they do it.  It's because they're
          in love.  They want their lover to
          taste what they're tasting to feel
          what they're feeling.  That's all
          it is.

Ophelia smiles nervously.

                    OPHELIA
          Okay --

She watches as he lifts the tiny, uneven cut of meat to her
mouth like a bizarre communion.  She closes her eyes, her
lips slowly parting as he slips the fork inside.

John smiles as she chews.

                    JOHN
          Little party going on in there I
          think.

Ophelia shivers, the heavy taste blooming through her.

                    OPHELIA
          I can't believe I just did that.  I
          must really like you.

                    JOHN
          In that case, why don't we pick up
          some pig's feet and have a real
          lunch.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh, I get it.  You're Satan.

                    JOHN
          You hate me now?

                    OPHELIA
          I'm not sure.  Maybe I just need a
          taste, a tiny teeny weeny taste.

She leans toward him and they kiss.

EXT.  RESTAURANT - DAY

From far away, someone watches as they exit the restaurant. 
We hear the mucused whistle of his breathing and a sound that
repeats rhythmically; swick, chick... swick, chick.

                    OPHELIA
          That was wonderful.  Thank you.

                    JOHN
          Can I see you tonight?

                    OPHELIA
          I'd like that.

Roman Links peers around the corner of the alley, fondling a
switch blade that he continues to open and close; swick,
chick.

EXT.  THE MISSION - NIGHT

A crescent moon cuts scythe-like through the clouds.

INT.  KITCHEN - NIGHT

John is washing bowls.  The stack appears to have doubled in
size.  He is about to drown another beneath the sudsy water
when he notices a small puddle of stew gravy at the bottom of
the bowl.

He slips off his yellow latex glove and runs his finger along
the curved belly of the bowl.

Sticking the coated finger into his mouth, he sucks.  After a
moment, we hear a small crunch as he absently bites down.

                    JOHN
          Ow -- shit.

A tiny drop of blood swells around his knuckle and he sucks
on his finger again.

Outside, one of the alley dogs begins to bay.

INT.  SLIMAGE SURGICENTER - DAY

There are several women in the waiting area, all of whom are
reading glamour magazines.  Ophelia, at her reception desk,
is also reading a glamour magazine.

The only sound in the clinic is the rattle of magazine pages
being turned.

Beneath her desk, Ophelia rubs her thighs together.  She has
a terrible itch on the inner part of each thigh.

Glancing up, she surreptitiously slides her hand under her
dress.  As she scratches, her nail catches on something that
hurts to touch.

Concerned, she goes to the bathroom.

INT.  BATHROOM - DAY

Alone in a stall, she pulls her dress up and examines her
thigh.  There are several red sores swollen with irritation. 
At the center of each sore is a white protuberance, like a
stye but harder.

INT.  DR. MANNO'S OFFICE - DAY

Shelley is talking to Dr, Manno when Ophelia enters,
obviously upset.

                    OPHELIA
          I'm sorry to interrupt, Ms. Perdue,
          but there's something... something
          wrong with me.

                    SHELLEY
          What is it, dear?

                    OPHELIA
          I don't know, I thought it was just
          a rash but it's gotten worse.

                    SHELLEY
          It's all right.  Come.  Sit here
          and let's let Dr. Manno have a
          look.

She gestures to the examination table and Ophelia sits,
fitting her feet into the steel stirrups.  Swinging a light
between her legs, Dr. Manno examines the sores.

                    SHELLEY
          Oh no.

                    OPHELIA
          What?  What is it?

                    DR. MANNO
          Does this hurt?

                    OPHELIA
          Ow -- yes!

                    SHELLEY
          How bad is it?

                    DR. MANNO
          Difficult to say.

                    OPHELIA
          Tell me, please.  What is it?

                    DR. MANNO
          Calcified cellulite.  In certain
          cases, particularly with
          vegetarians, cellulite spreads
          beneath the derma like a spore,
          typically in dark, moist places
          like between toes or the inner
          thigh.  The danger is that it is
          impossible to know how large the
          tubors have gotten.

He probes her flesh, feeling a large lump.  With a pair of
gleaming stainless steel forceps, he clamps hold of one of
the white nubs.

He pulls and the nub is revealed to be a thick white stalk
like a root growing from the eye of a potato.

Ophelia winces and writhes in the chair as Dr. Manno
continues pulling the stalk.

                    DR. MANNO
          It's coming.  Hold on.

The side of her thigh bulges, the root obviously connected to
something much larger.

Ophelia screams as the fist-like potato of calcified fat is
torn from her thigh.

INT.  OPHELIA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

Ophelia continues to scream, bolting up from her bed.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia?!

Ophelia breathes, looking at John, realizing she is in her
apartment.

                    OPHELIA
          It was a dream.  Just a bad dream.

She opens her leg and examines the inner thigh.

                    JOHN
          What?  Is something wrong with your
          leg?

                    OPHELIA
          Do you know what that is?

There are several small dimple-like marks on her thigh.

                    JOHN
          No, but it looks good to me.

He starts to bite her but she pushes him away.

                    OPHELIA
          It's not funny.  It's cellulite. 
          It means that I have a diffused
          pattern of irregular and
          disconnective tissue.  It's a
          genetic predisposition.  That's
          what's so horrible.  There are
          olympic athletes with cellulite. 
          It doesn't make any sense, why
          would nature design something like
          this, or acne, or warts.  What's
          the purpose?

                    JOHN
          So people like Shelley Perdue could
          make a lot of money.

                    OPHELIA
          That's not an answer.

                    JOHN
          I don't know, Ophelia.  Maybe
          nature is evil.

                    OPHELIA
          Do you know the only way to get rid
          of cellulite is to go U.T.K.?

                    JOHN
          U.T.K.?

                    OPHELIA
          Under the knife.  It's done with
          lasers now but we still call it
          U.T.K.

She leans back down, switching off the light.

                    OPHELIA
          I think you're right, John.  Nature
          is evil.

EXT.  ALLEY - NIGHT

A big stray is viciously digging at the garbage behind the
mission.  Sensing someone, his head jerks up.

Roman Links stops.  He looks terrible, still wearing the same
clothes; one brown crusty wad still plugging his nose.

The dog growls.  Links growls back.  The dog coils onto its
haunches, baring its teeth.  Links slides the knife out of
his pocket; swick.

The dog attacks and Links slashes a bright red cut across its
flank.  Howling, the dog scampers away.  Links smiles, wiping
the bloody blade on his pant leg.

Prowling along the back of the Mission, Links searches for a
way inside.  He finds a rotting piece of plywood covering a
basement window and pries it open.

INT.  BASEMENT - NIGHT

Worming through the small window, Links drops down among the
stalls of the men's room, the toilets are black with an
unctuous grime.  He slips on a patch of congealed grease as
he moves through the showers into the locker room.

INT.  LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT

Creeping through the maze of lockers, he finds the work
bench.  Several pounds of meat and miscellaneous organs have
been fed through the grinder.  Huge piles of hamburger sit
proportioned onto butcher paper.

Sniffing, eyes wide as he reacts to every noise, Links creeps
toward the refrigerators.

One of the chains hangs loosely around the bulbous waist of
an old Frigidaire.  The padlock is open.

Quietly, Links pops the door.  In the white light and
swirling frost, his expression turns to horror.

The door slams shut, revealing Kuru.

Links yelps, coiling back, his knife flashing from his
pocket.  Kuru sees the tiny blade and smiles.

From the back of his belt, he unsheathes his massive gurki
like blade.

EXT.  MISSION - NIGHT

Several smaller dogs now digging through the garbage react to
a terrible animal-like scream.

INT.  SLIMAGE SURGICENTER - DAY

Ophelia is sitting anxiously at her desk, staring into the
appointment book.  There are no names scheduled after three
thirty.

Ophelia begins to circle the open space, her pen orbiting the
only blank hole in the book.  After a moment, the circle
becomes a spiral, the pen trail whirlpooling until the entire
space is blackened into an inky tangle.

She looks over at a clock.  It is three twenty.  She is now
very nervous.

Glancing at the mirror that separates her from Shelley, she
gets up and goes to the bathroom.

INT.  BATHROOM - DAY

Ophelia talks to the reflection.

                    OPHELIA
          This is not a big deal.  People
          change themselves every day.  It is
          as natural as getting a haircut. 
          It's more natural than having your
          ears pierced.  If you had a cavity,
          would you ignore it?  No.  You see,
          it's not big deal.  But if it isn't
          then why am I freaking out?  I
          don't know!  You need help --

The door opens and Shelley smiles.

                    SHELLEY
          There you are.  Ready?

Ophelia takes a breath and looks back into the mirror.  The
reflection answers.

                    OPHELIA
          Yes.

INT.  OPERATING ROOM - DAY

Hydraulically, the chair rises into position.  Ophelia stares
at the mirrored ceiling, breathing in the gas, as Dr. Manno
moves between her spread legs.

Ophelia sees Shelley standing over her; angel-blue eyes
staring down, a smile half-hidden beneath the surgical mask.

                    SHELLEY
          Don't worry, Ophelia.  Everything
          will be fine.  It's just like
          magic.  You go to sleep and when
          you wake up, you'll feel wonderful. 
          Your legs will be smooth and
          beautiful.  It's what you want,
          isn't it?  To be beautiful.

Ophelia's body becomes light, transubstantiating with the gas
and she feels herself floating up towards her reflection.

Through the slurred syrup of her senses, she hears the whir
of the machine.

The first tiny white bits of Ophelia's inner thigh slap
against the glass wall of the catch as the splattering sound
becomes --

INT.  OPHELIA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT

The coughing hiss of whipped cream spitting out the nozzle
into a cloud-like mound.

Ophelia puts a spoon into the chocolate sundae and carries it
to the living room.

John is on the futon.  He looks like a piece of overcooked
meat; his eyes are dark and hollow, his face grey and gaunt.

                    OPHELIA
          Are you sure you're okay?  You
          don't look very good, John.

                    JOHN
          I'm fine.  I'm just tired.  Tired
          and hungry.

She hands him the sundae.

                    OPHELIA
          I hope this helps.

                    JOHN
          You're not having one?

                    OPHELIA
          No, I can't.

                    JOHN
          Why?

                    OPHELIA
          My surprise.

John scoops up a spoonful of ice cream into his mouth.

                    JOHN
          Ahh yes.  The surprise.  When do I
          see the surprise?

Her smile says something naughty.

                    OPHELIA
          I did it.

                    JOHN
          Did what?

Slowly, she slides her loose fitting dress up over her
thighs, revealing the heavy white binders.

                    JOHN
          Oh god.  What happened?

                    OPHELIA
          I got some lipo.

                    JOHN
          What?

                    OPHELIA
          I told you.  The cellulite.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia, you're crazy.  Your body
          is perfect.

                    OPHELIA
          As perfect as Mimi's?

                    JOHN
          Who's Mimi?

                    OPHELIA
          The one you were drooling over when
          you came to take me to lunch.

                    JOHN
          I wasn't drooling.

                    OPHELIA
          You certainly were.

                    JOHN
          Maybe a little.  But I wasn't
          really interested.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh no?

                    JOHN
          No.  There was nothing to her.  I
          could tell.  She's like an
          appetizer, pretty, but never very
          satisfying.

                    OPHELIA
          Is everything about food with you?

                    JOHN
          Food is life, you know.

He grabs hold of her, lifting her into his arms.

                    OPHELIA
          What are you doing?

                    JOHN
          I'm taking you to your bedroom.

                    OPHELIA
          I thought you wanted dessert?

                    JOHN
          I do.

INT.  OPHELIA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

It is later.  They are both asleep, fit tight to each other
like spoons.  Again, John is having a tortured night.

His face is wet with sweat when his body seems to jerk him
awake.

There is a smell in the air that swirls about him like a
perfume.  He turns and sees the bandages on Ophelia's thighs.

His gut squeezes hard and demanding as a fist.  Sick and
afraid, he pushes himself off the bed, away from her.

                    OPHELIA
          ... John?  What are you doing?

Hurriedly, he gets dressed.

                    JOHN
          I have to go.  I'm not feeling very
          good.

                    OPHELIA
          I knew it.  Something is wrong.

                    JOHN
          I just need some rest.

                    OPHELIA
          Promise me you'll go see a doctor. 
          I'll give you the money.  Just
          promise me.

                    JOHN
          Okay.  I will.  I promise.  Now, go
          back to sleep.

                    OPHELIA
          Kiss me.

He does, but as her eyes close and he pulls away, he notices
something he never had before --

The taste of her lips.

Quickly, he leaves.

EXT.  CITY STREET - NIGHT

John crosses the street towards "Babe The Blue Ox's BBQ," a
late night take-out joint.

There is a group of rowdies in leather, sitting outside
despite the cold, guzzling beer and gobbling barbecued
chicken.

Smoke is billowing from the stack and John catches the scent
of char-broiling ribs.  He grimaces.

A woman in the group, nibbling at a chicken wing begins to
laugh, a high drunken cackle.

Something is wrong.  John looks at her and sees that she is
now holding a large, fleshy piece of raw meat.

The human like skin flaps with her laughter and a piece of
gelatin falls to the table.

                    LEATHER MAN
          Hey, what are you looking at?

John turns, glimpsing that the woman is again holding a
chicken wing.

                    LEATHER MAN
          Dickhead.

John hurries away, clutching his stomach.  Very faintly, an
ambulance siren can be heard.

Something catches his eye and he stops beneath a sign that
reads: "Casmir's Butcher Shoppe."  The siren is getting
louder.

His head cocked, staring into the window listening to a sound
that is growing in his head; a sound like the buzzing of
flies.

The ambulance booms past, splashing red light across John and
the store front window.  In that moment John sees hanging in
the window, massive slabs of rancid meat covered with maggots
and flies.  Dotted with black ink spots of rot, they swing
ever so slightly, dripping oil and gelatin to the ground.

John spins away, doubling over as he vomits.  We see the
window now filled with a beautiful assortment of meats and
sausages.

EXT.  MISSION - NIGHT

John stumbles toward the open alley door when he catches a
scent that immediately bolsters his strength.

INT.  KITCHEN - NIGHT

Mundi is at the stove, stirring the burbling stew which is in
an unusually large pot.

                    MUNDI
          Welcome home, John.

                    JOHN
          Where's Granny?

                    MUNDI
          Off to bed.  She's left me to tend
          the stew.

                    JOHN
          God, it smells good.

                    MUNDI
          You're hungry.  I can smell it on
          your breath.

                    JOHN
          I haven't been feeling very well. 
          My stomach... is upset.

                    MUNDI
          Perhaps just a taste then?

                    JOHN
          Yeah, maybe.  Just a little.

Mundi steps away and John edges closer to the stove.  The
rising vapors envelop him with medicinal magic.

Mundi smiles as John slurps the thick broth from the spoon.

                    JOHN
          Mmm, that's good.

He dips the spoon in for another when a hand shoots up out of
the stew and grabs his wrist.

Screaming, he wrestles to get free as the stew-demon rises up
out of the brown magma until we see his face and realize --

It is John.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

He wakes, terrified.  Gradually, the panic subsides and, as
it does, thoughts begin to fill his mind with the chill of
ice water.

Determined, he rises from his bed and heads for where he
knows he must go.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - NIGHT

A long blade knife is pushed through the wall and John
methodically jimmies back the bolt from the jamb.  The door
swings open without a sound.

The stairs curl like a beckoning finger into the darkness
below.

John descends, sweating almost immediately, clutching his
knife.  From below, we begin to hear music, barely audible,
crackling through the old, cheap radio.

INT.  THE LOCKERS - NIGHT

The music is a catchy little Muzak number like "The Girl from
Ipanema."

Through a slit, John sees Otto in the workshop.  The
butcher's hands are bloody to the elbows as he carries
something that looks like a bleeding basketball.

John moves with him, catching glimpses as Otto waddles to the
nearest refrigerator, a bulbous 1950's model which he opens.

Standing in the wash of white refrigerator light and a
swirling mist of cold steam, Otto checks the object and then
sets it inside.  He then closes the door and goes back to
work.

Silently, John makes his way towards the refrigerator.

In the background, over the continuing Muzak we hear Otto as
he returns to work.  The sounds are grisly, leading the
imagination towards the most gruesome speculations; the back
and forth grate of a saw, followed by a series of shredding
sounds like corn being husked and then a snapping like the
cracking of crab legs.

John inches towards the door handle as suddenly the cracking
stops.

After a beat, there is a chilling sucking sound.

John, his heart pounding from his temples to his toes, opens
the refrigerator.

Inside he sees the eyeless, tongueless, sawed-open head of
Roman Links.  The white tape still covers his broken nose.

A scream catches like a barb in John's throat.

The knife slips from his hand, clattering to the floor.  His
hand covers his mouth as he stumbles back, slamming into the
lockers.

Otto, still sucking the marrow from the femur bone whirls at
the crash and sees John.  He lets out a shrill animal yelp
as --

John runs.

Otto grabs the nearest cleaver and flails after him.

John slams through the rows of lockers, around a corner
towards the stairs now in sight but, Otto whips around the
corner gaining --

Raising the cleaver as John stumbles on the first steps, then
lunges up the curving stairs just as Otto swings --

The cleaver just misses, embedding into the wooden tread. 
Jerking it free, Otto scales the stairs into --

INT.  KITCHEN - NIGHT

But John is already gone, the back door thrown open.  Otto is
about to follow when a hand reaches out and stops him.  Otto
hunches back like a heeled dog as Rex steps toward the door. 
He closes it and, in his black eyes, we see the hint of a
smile.

INT.  OPHELIA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT

The apartment door signal is buzzing.  And buzzing.

The light goes on and Ophelia enters, obviously annoyed,
hitting the intercom.

                    OPHELIA
          If this is you, Roman -- you
          fucking asshole -- the police are
          on the way --

She switches to "listen."

                    JOHN
          No.  No.  Ophelia -- it's John.

                    OPHELIA
          John, it's three-thirty --

                    JOHN
          Please, Ophelia, something
          happended -- something bad --

She presses the "enter" button.  As soon as she unlocks the
door.  John bursts in.  He is shaking and out of breath.  His
hair, despite the cold, is slick with sweat.

                    OPHELIA
          John -- what happened?

Immediately, he is pacing around the small apartment.

                    OPHELIA
          Is it Roman?

A little squeak jumps out of John's mouth.

                    OPHELIA
          Did you see Roman?

John nods, hands wringing, fingers knotting.

                    OPHELIA
          In the mission?

                    JOHN
          In the refrigerator.

                    OPHELIA
          What?  You saw Roman in the
          refrigerator?

John nods again, unable to speak.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh, I see.  It was another bad
          dream.

                    JOHN
          No.  No, it's real.  They told me
          what they were doing.  They told me
          the first day.

                    OPHELIA
          Told you what?

                    JOHN
          They butcher their own meat.  It's
          cheaper that way.

                    OPHELIA
          John, you're not making any sense.

                    JOHN
          But I didn't know!  I swear to you
          I didn't know!

                    OPHELIA
          All right.  I'm calling the police.

                    JOHN
          No!  You can't!

                    OPHELIA
          Why not?

                    JOHN
          Because they won't... believe me.

                    OPHELIA
          Believe what?

                    JOHN
          That I didn't know because I was
          there, like everyone else.  Every
          night.  Two bowls.  They'll know
          it's still inside me, they'll smell
          it.  I can smell it!

                    OPHELIA
          Smell what?

                    JOHN
          The meat!

                    OPHELIA
          John, something is wrong with you --

                    JOHN
          I know, I know.  It's the meat.  I
          can feel it.  I ate it every night,
          Ophelia, and it's making me sick
          because...

His stomach convulses.

                    JOHN
          Because...

                    OPHELIA
          What?  Say it.

                    JOHN
          It tasted so...

Horror and revulsion rise with human bile as he clamps his
hand over his mouth and runs to the bathroom.

Forcing herself to remain calm, Ophelia follows.

INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHT

John is kneeling on the floor, half-dead, his head still
hanging over the toilet.

She kneels beside him, taking hold of him.

                    OPHELIA
          It'll be okay.  Maybe its some kind
          of food poisoning.  Making you half
          crazy.

Shivering and weak, he wraps his arms around her.

                    OPHELIA
          You need rest.  You need sleep.

As she hold him, his breathing begins to ease.  She softly
kisses his head resting on her shoulder.

He turns his head, kissing her neck when something happens to
him.  She feels his body go rigid with fear.

There is the soft curve of her neck, he smells something,
something just beneath her skin, something that tastes...
good.

                    OPHELIA
          John?

He screams, scrambling away from her.

                    OPHELIA
          What!  What!!

He's too terrified to speak.

                    OPHELIA
          Goddamnit, John, you're scaring me.

                    JOHN
          Something's happening to me.

                    OPHELIA
          What?

                    JOHN
          I don't know!

She jumps to her feet.

                    OPHELIA
          Enough of this shit!

She throws open the medicine cabinet and grabs a large bottle
of sleeping pills.  She filles a glass of water.

                    OPHELIA
          You need to calm down.  You need to
          sleep.  When you wake up, we'll
          talk.

She shoves the glass into his hand.

                    OPHELIA
          Open!

He opens his mouth and she drops in several capsules.  He
drinks and swallows.

                                                FADE OUT.

FADE IN:

INT.  OPHELIA'S APARTMENT - DAY

The room is still dark, the venetian blinds holding back the
morning.

John, his face as gray as ash, is asleep on the futon,
wrapped tightly in a mess of sheets.  It was a torturous
night.

A smell fills his nostrils, a terrible gagging smell and he
coughs, waking up.

Rex Mundi, fully dressed, is sitting in the room, deep in
shadow.  A single slice of light cuts across his mouth.

                    MUNDI
          Good morning, citizen.

John scrambles back into the corner.

                    JOHN
          How did you?  Where's --

                    MUNDI
          The fair Ophelia stepped out to
          find you something to eat.

He grins.

                    MUNDI
          But it won't be enough, will it,
          John?

                    JOHN
          I know what you are doing?

                    MUNDI
          Of course you do.  You've known all
          along, from the very first bowl,
          that first mouthful --

                    JOHN
          That's a lie!

                    MUNDI
          Your body knew at once what it had
          inside of it.  It was what it had
          always wanted.

John can feel his stomach, a great gaping hole, as empty as
it has ever been.

                    MUNDI
          It is what everyone wants.

John grimaces.  His stomach feels like the skin of a sausage
grilling, about to rupture.

                    JOHN
          What's wrong with me?

                    MUNDI
          Your body has been set free.

Mundi watches John in obvious anguish.

                    MUNDI
          There is only one true desire,
          John.  Everything else is a lie, a
          lie that begins for most when they
          are pulled from their mother's teat
          and given a bottle of cow's milk.

John tries to stand, to move away.  He does not want to hear
this.

                    MUNDI
          The mind learns to accept what it
          cannot have, but deep inside, the
          body never forgets.

                    JOHN
          No.

                    MUNDI
          You can eat until you are sick
          without ever feeling sated or
          satisfied -- why?  You will gorge
          yourself on the flesh of every
          animal except one -- why John? 
          Because you are afraid.  Afraid of
          what you really are.  Afraid that
          what you are is all that you are.

                    JOHN
          No!

                    MUNDI
          I reminded you.  I woke the truth
          inside you.  Now, the appetite is
          alive.

John, dripping with sweat, sinks to the floor, clutching his
stomach in agony.

                    JOHN
          God!

                    MUNDI
          There is no god that can help you. 
          The appetite is a part of you now,
          gnawing away.  You can feel your
          stomach trying to digest itself.

Mundi pulls a heavy package, wrapped in butcher-brown paper
from his pocket.  John stares at it and we can almost see him
begin to drool.

Mundi throws it on the floor between them.

                    MUNDI
          You can make it stop.  Give it what
          it wants.  Feed it.

John hesitates, his glance shifting from Mundi to the
package.

                    MUNDI
          Feed me.

On hands and knees, John lunges for the package, tearing it
open.  Bloody cubes of raw meat spill out.  John stuffs them
in his mouth, gobbling them down.

Mundi smiles.

                    MUNDI
          Good boy.  Good boy.

EXT.  CITY STREET - NIGHT

It is a bitter cold night, outside a dull, gray, office
building.

After a long beat, we hear a woman giggling.

As the giggling grows louder, we see a man and woman pushing
out through the revolving door of the building.  He is
pushing with both hands on her ass.

They stagger out, obviously drunk, laughing as she stumbles
in her high-heels.  Their laughter is swallowed by the
emptiness of the city.

The woman is disheveled; her blouse not fully buttoned, her
hair tousled, her lipstick smeared.  Her appearance suggests
they just had sex, yet he looks exactly as he probably looked
early this morning when he entered the building.  Even his
tie is fixed tight to his collar.

He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his wedding ring and
slides it on.

The woman's laugh dies ugly.

                    WOMAN
          Oh, yes.  There it is.

He looks at her indifferently.

                    WOMAN
          You could wait five more fucking
          minutes.

                    MAN
          It doesn't bother you when you see
          me take it off.

                    WOMAN
          God, you're a pig.  I don't know
          why I fuck you.

He smiles.

                    MAN
          You want to keep your job.

Stunned and sickened by him, she rips a ruby earring from
each ear.

                    WOMAN
          You make me sick!  I don't want any
          part of you anymore!

She throws the earrings at him, spins on her heel and walks
away.

                    MAN
          See you tomorrow.

He smiles, picks up the earrings and slips them into his
pocket.

Whistling, he heads towards the entrance of an underground
parking garage.  Its staircase darkens into a black shadow
that swallows the man as he descends.

INT.  STAIRCASE - NIGHT

The man appears, rounding the corner of the first level. 
Abruptly, he stops, noticing a figure huddled in the corner
of the landing below.

It is John dressed in garbage-picked clothes.  The man looks
away and continues down the stairs toward John.

                    JOHN
          Mister?  Mister?

The man does not acknowledge him.

                    JOHN
          Mister, can you help me?

John reaches out with his hand as the man passes.

                    JOHN
          I'm hungry --

John grabs hold of the man's pant leg.  The man is repulsed
and jerks his leg free.  His footsteps quickly fade down the
stairs.

                    JOHN
          Hungry...

John crawls to the edge of the landing, listening as the door
to the level below opens and closes.

INT.  UNDERGROUND GARAGE - NIGHT

The vast garage is ominously empty and silent, save for the
man's hurried footsteps.  From behind, the door again opens
and booms shut.

The man stops and looks back at the circle of light around
the door.  It is empty.

There is faint rattling in the distance.

To his left, he hears the sound of someone running and he
turns, catching a glimpse of a shadow that disappears behind
a steel column.

                    MAN
          Is someone there?

Another series of running steps; a flash somewhere else.

The metal rattling grows louder, closer.  The man's eyes are
darting.  He seems frozen, like a deer.

He bolts.

In the dark edges of the garage, behind the rows of columns,
he can see them; shadows, running with him.

It is a wild chase weaving through the iron and concrete
columns that seem like the trees of a man-made jungle.

The man can see his red Jaguar; the silver cat is poised on
the hood as the man races towards it.  Behind him the
predators gain.

He tears out his keys and jams the key into the lock when --

There is an animal shriek.

John bounds up, springing over the car, landing on top of the
terrified, screaming man.

They tumble to the ground, John rolling away.

The man, free for a moment, tries to get back to the car,
scampering on hands and knees.

He reaches for the handle, for the keys, but the keys are
gone.

He hears the jingling keys behind him.  He begins to cry,
turning to see --

The predators surrounding him; John, Otto, and Kuru, dangling
the keys.

The jingle of the keys blends into the metal rattle as Granny
moves into the half circle, pushing her grocery shopping
cart.

                    MAN
          What do you want?

He throws his wallet at them.

                    MAN
          Here -- take it!  Take it!  Please
          don't hurt me.

They close in on him, Kuru and Otto taking hold of his arms
as the man, feeble, unable to resist, continues to sob.

                    GRANNY
          Sssh, now.  This'll just take a
          minute.

She pets his head, trying to calm him.

                    GRANNY
          It's okay, nothing to worry about.

She runs her fingers across his forehead, coating them with
his sweat.  She licks them, tasting, smacking her lips and
tongue.  Not bad.

Inspecting closer, she reaches under his arm, pinching his
fat.  He is now crying uncontrollably.

                    GRANNY
          Congratulations, John.

From her shopping cart, Granny pulls a baseball bat.

                    GRANNY
          He's a keeper.

She gives John the bat and pushes him up to the plate.

The man on his knees, his arms still held behind him, looks
up at John pitifully.

John stands motionless.

The man begins repeating the word "god" over and over.

John raises the bat.  The man drops his head as he fills his
pants with urine.  John's grip loosens.

                    JOHN
          I can't...

Granny stands behind him, whispering in his ear.

                    GRANNY
          You can and you will.  Because deep
          down you want to.

John shakes his head.

                    MAN
          Please...

                    GRANNY
          Look at him, John.  See him for
          what he really is.  Meat.  That's
          all.  Fresh marbled meat that you
          can smell.  Meat you can almost
          taste.

John's mouth begins to salivate.

                    GRANNY
          There is only one truth in this
          world, one law to obey, one rule to
          survive.  Eat, John.  Eat or be
          eaten.

His face contorts viciously as he raises the bat.

The scream fills the entire garage.

The bat falls.

There is a loud pop as the bat strikes the back of the man's
skull.

The scream fades, but never seems to die; just a dim echoing
roar in our ears.  Granny pats John.

                    GRANNY
          You're one of us now.

Kuru and Otto lift the body of the man and load it into the
shopping cart.

INT.  SLIMAGE SURGICENTER - DAY

Ophelia walks down the hall towards the glass door of the
clinic.  She digs the keys from her purse and stoops to
unlock the doors when she notices a manila envelope with her
name on it.

Inside the envelope is a note from John: "I'm sorry that I
haven't been myself lately.  I hope these will help you
forgive me."

She tilts the envelope and a pair of ruby earrings spill into
her palm.  They are the same earrings the woman threw back at
the man.

Ophelia smiles and unlocks the door.

INT.  SLIMAGE SURGICENTER - DAY

Ophelia is admiring her new earrings in the mirror behind her
desk when Shelley enters.

                    SHELLEY
          Good morning, Ophelia.

                    OPHELIA
          Morning, Ms. Perdue.

                    SHELLEY
          How are your thighs?

                    OPHELIA
          Much better today.

                    SHELLEY
          I am so proud of you, Ophelia.  It
          was a big step, wasn't it?

Ophelia nods.

                    SHELLEY
          Believe me, the first step is
          always the hardest but now a whole
          new world of possibilities has
          opened up for you, you can feel it,
          can't you?

                    OPHELIA
          Yes, I suppose I can.

                    SHELLEY
          And you're still so young and
          pretty.

                    OPHELIA
          Thank you.

                    SHELLEY
          Now maybe we'll finally get to fix
          that little nose of yours.

She winks teasingly and passes Ophelia but stops at the door
to her office.

                    SHELLEY
          Oh yes, cancel Ms. Sedier's
          appointment today.

                    OPHELIA
          All right.  Was there another
          problem?

                    SHELLEY
          Yes, but I've taken care of it.  I
          don't think she'll be back.

Smiling, she shuts the door behind her.

INT.  MISSION BASEMENT - NIGHT

Stretched limply over a hanger, suspended in the dark space
above us, is a beautiful dark fur.

In the background we can hear John and Otto, though their
voices are muffled.

                    OTTO
          There is one basic rule of thumb. 
          The richer they are, the more they
          eat, the better they taste.

                    JOHN
          Is that why Rex wanted this one?

                    OTTO
          I don't know.  I think this one was
          a favor.

We pass under the dark emptiness of the fur.

                    OTTO
          See here, on the flank and all
          along the butt and thighs. 
          Lipotracts.  All the tasty bits,
          sucked dry.  But she ain't bad.

Ahead, we see the voices are coming from the shower room,
which is hidden by the heavy plastic shower curtain.  There
is a gap at the bottom, where we can see into the room.

                    OTTO
          Now grab one of them bottles.

We can see John's shoes and the heavy rubber boots that Otto
wears.  On the floor beside them is a funnel and several
green wine jugs.  The jugs are empty.

John bends down and lifts one of them.

                    OTTO
          Hold it like this.  Here.

We hear the quick zink, zink, of a knife being sharpened.

We see the three figures in the room, more defined through
the foggy plastic.

The two darker figures are Otto and John, which can be
determined by their feet.

The other figure appears to be suspended in the air and
through the translucent haze of the curtain, it looks like a
great side of beef; white and pink, the colors of suet and
meat.

                    OTTO
          You just pull back on the hair and
          cut.

Blood suddenly sprinkles onto the floor around their feet.

                    OTTO
          The bottle!  The bottle!

The blood stops, as we hear it filling the bottle.  Otto
slaps the naked flesh.

                    OTTO
          This one here'll probably fill
          three and a half or so.  After
          they're drained, I'll show you
          what's next.  It's easier than you
          think.

Zink, zink, the knife sharpens again.

                    OTTO
          Here at the tailbone, about an inch
          deep, right down the spine.

There is a strange zipping sound.

John steps back as though he suddenly lost his balance. 
Blood is missing the bottle and splattering around his feet.

                    OTTO
          Then, here... and here.

We are almost to the curtain and the blood is everywhere,
puddling on the floor.

                    OTTO
          Then you just cut a finger hole...
          and tear.

An awful tearing noise begins as --

The bottle that John had been filling, slips out of his hand,
shattering on the tile floor, in a deafening explosion of
green glass and blood.

John turns towards the curtain, lunging out, gulping air.

The heavy rubber boots step through the pool of blood, glass
crunching underfoot, past the swinging shadow of the hanging
body.

Otto throws open the curtain and finds John sitting on the
bench between the lockers, breathing deep and looking very
sick.

Otto shakes his head, disappointed.

                    OTTO
          Granny's probably got some work for
          you upstairs.

John looks up.

                    JOHN
          I'm sorry...

                    OTTO
          You can throw all that stuff in the
          furnace.  But not the coat.  It's a
          good coat.

Otto snaps the curtain shut and again we hear the knife
sharpening.

INT.  MISSION KITCHEN - NIGHT

A bowl is being washed.  John passes it under the running
water, rinses it, then sets it in the rack.

John stares blankly as he lifts another dirty bowl from the
cart.

The crusty, brown remnants of the stew, thin scrape lines
left from the spoon.

John begins to hear the scraping of the spoon against the
bowl.  He is unable to move, listening.

We hear the man eating, slurping the stew, smacking on the
thick pieces of meat.

John looks at the enormous stack of dirty bowls piled on the
cart.  The number has grown to almost comic proportions.  We
begin to hear more eating noises.

The munching, scraping, clattering spoons multiply, growing
louder, swelling, until it seems the entire dining hall was
stuffed into the tiny kitchen.

Suddenly, there is a knock on the back door, cutting the
noise short.

John shuts the water off goes to the door.  He throws the
bolt and opens the door to find Ophelia.

She pulls back her hair, revealing the ruby earrings.

                    OPHELIA
          I love them.

She embraces and kisses John who reacts awkwardly.

                    OPHELIA
          I... thought you were feeling
          better?

                    JOHN
          I am.  I just, I mean, I wish...

He glances at the open basement door.

                    JOHN
          You shouldn't come here anymore,
          Ophelia.

                    OPHELIA
          Why not?

He doesn't want to answer the question.

                    JOHN
          Come on.  Let's go upstairs.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

John shuts the door.

                    OPHELIA
          John, what's going on?  You have to
          tell me.  I want to know why you
          were acting so strange the other
          night and why you disappeared that
          morning.

                    JOHN
          God...

                    OPHELIA
          What?

He can't stop himself from smiling at her.

                    JOHN
          You are so beautiful.

She blushes.

                    JOHN
          How are your legs?

                    OPHELIA
          They're fine.

                    JOHN
          Can I see?

He sits on the bed beside her and tries to push her skirt up.

                    OPHELIA
          No.  I can't remove the bandages
          yet.

                    JOHN
          Just a peek.

                    OPHELIA
          No, John.  Stop.  Come on, talk to
          me.

                    JOHN
          Talk about what?

                    OPHELIA
          What happened the other night?

                    JOHN
          I don't know, I'm not sure I can
          explain it.  And even if I could, I
          don't think you could understand
          it.  Not yet, anyway.

                    OPHELIA
          What does that mean?

                    JOHN
          I've just had this feeling lately
          that there's this connection
          between us, like we're headed in
          the same direction and that, right
          now, you're learning the same
          things that I'm learning.

                    OPHELIA
          Learning what things?

                    JOHN
          Things like who and what you are. 
          And more importantly, what you
          want.

He leans into her and kisses her neck.

                    JOHN
          You liked the earrings?

                    OPHELIA
          Yes.  Very much.  But I have to
          know where you got the money for
          them.  And don't tell me Granny
          gave it to you.

                    JOHN
          They were donated to the Mission.

                    OPHELIA
          By who?

                    JOHN
          An older woman, or, I mean, her
          estate.  She died and gave
          everything to Rex.  He said I could
          pick out what I wanted.  I took the
          earrings and...

He crosses to the closet.

                    JOHN
          I was going to save it and give it
          to you later, for your birthday
          maybe or Christmas but I think you
          should have it now.

From the closet, he pulls the long, lush fur coat.  Ophelia
clamps her hand over her mouth.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh my god.

John offers it to her though she seems almost scared to touch
it.

                    JOHN
          Do you like it?

                    OPHELIA
          It's beautiful.

Her fingers disappear beneath the thick, soft fur.

                    JOHN
          Try it on.

She smiles guiltily, but turns and lets him slip it on.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh, god, John.  I can't believe
          this.  There's woman who comes to
          the clinic who has a coat like
          this.  I've always wondered what it
          would feel like to wear one.

She models herself in the mirror, wrapped in its
luxuriousness.

John, behind her, is excited by the animal skins.  He buries
his head in her hair which tumbles loose in the fur.  He
feels the fur against his naked arms wrapped around her.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh, no.

He kisses her neck and ear.

                    JOHN
          What?

                    OPHELIA
          It feels wonderful.

                    JOHN
          Good.

                    OPHELIA
          No, it's bad.

                    JOHN
          Why?

                    OPHELIA
          It's fur.  It's not right.

                    JOHN
          You said it felt good.

She smiles, almost intoxicated by the feel.

                    OPHELIA
          It feels incredible.

                    JOHN
          Listen to what your body wants.

She laughs.

                    OPHELIA
          That sounds like Rex.

He unbuttons her blouse, exposing her naked body beneath the
black coat.  His hand strokes across the fur finding her
breast.

                    OPHELIA
          John, please, we need to talk.

                    JOHN
          No, no one needs to talk.

She moans, closing her eyes.

She moans again.  And he answers in a low, almost bestial
growl.  He begins to bite at her hair, her shoulder and up
along her neck.  The more he touches her, her warm flesh
under the animal skin, the more excited they become.

He presses her against the wall, his hands moving through the
fur, down her wallet, where he begins to pull the coat and
her skirt up along the back of her thighs.

Against the wall, in the shadows of the room, lost in the
coat, she looks very much like an animal standing on its hand
legs.

He begins to nibble at her ear lobe.  Licking it, pulling at
it with his lips and as he sucks it we hear her earrings
tinking against his teeth.

Suddenly, her expression changes.  Blood begins to seep from
his tightly pursed lips.

                    OPHELIA
          John -- ow!

He holds her tighter.

                    OPHELIA
          John, that hurts!

She screams and as she tears free, we hear his teeth biting
through the cartilage.

John stumbles back, his mouth and chin covered with blood. 
She covers her bleeding ear.

                    OPHELIA
          Jesus!

Ophelia throws off the coat.

                    OPHELIA
          What is wrong with you?!

John, stunned, still has something in his mouth.

                    JOHN
          I love you.

Shaking her head, she rushes out the door.

John is unable to say anything, unable to understand what he
has become.

After a moment, he tastes the piece of her earlobe and
earring in his mouth.  He spits it into his hand, blood and
saliva running between his fingers.  He closes his hand into
a fist, holding it tightly.

John turns to the window and watches Ophelia burst into the
alley, running from the building.

He is seen pressed against the panes of the window, like an
animal pressed against the bars of its cage.

Granny opens the door to John's room.

                    GRANNY
          John.

John cannot move.  Ophelia is gone.

Granny gently turns John from the window.  She begins to
clean the blood from his face with a dish towel.

                    GRANNY
          Tsk.  Had a little mess, here,
          didn't we?

He stands numbly, his fist still clenched.

                    GRANNY
          It's hard at first.  It'll get
          better.

John, suddenly, looks straight at Granny.

                    JOHN
          I bit her.

                    GRANNY
          I know, honey.  I know.  It's okay. 
          It's natural.

She continues to clean him, dabbing the towel to her tongue
and then wiping his face.

                    GRANNY
          Do you know that cats eat their
          young?  Rex kept telling me that,
          over and over.

She pauses for a moment, remembering.

                    GRANNY
          I felt so bad about it, for a long
          time, but Rex just kept saying,
          "It's natural, Gretchen.  It's
          natural."  That's when I wondered. 
          Something has to die for something
          else to keep on living.

She puts the towel to his nose.

                    GRANNY
          Here, blow.

John blows his nose into the towel.

                    GRANNY
          Now, you just need to get some
          sleep.

She leads him to the bed.

                    GRANNY
          Sleep makes everything feel better.

He lays down.  She sees the blood leaking from his fist and
tries to open it.  He jerks it away from her.

                    GRANNY
          Okay.  I know.  One day you'll
          understand.  You'll see.

He clutches his fist to his chest and rolls away from her.

                                             DISSOLVE TO:

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

It is much later that night.

John is having a nightmare, tossing in his sleep, his face
beaded with sweat.

INT.  THE PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT

Everything moves very slowly as John rises up to see himself
standing with the baseball bat.  He sees everything from the
perspective of the man he killed.

The bat smashes down.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

John's head whips sideways as if he had been bashed by the
bat.

INT.  SHOWERS - NIGHT

John is hanging upside down, staring at the tile floor and
the feet of Otto and John, as Otto slits his throat.

We watch as John holds the bottle, catching the stream of
blood.  The bottle slips and we see it slowly fall and
smash --

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

John bolts upright, his mouth gaping, as though he were
trying to scream, but couldn't.

He grabs his throat to make sure it isn't slit.

He calms down, his breathing begins to slow.

He looks at his hand, which is still knotted into a tight
fist.  Slowly, the hand opens, but to his horror, it is
empty.  The earring is gone.

He jumps out of bed and runs to --

INT.  JOHN'S BATHROOM - NIGHT

Clicking on the white light, John goes to the sink and turns
on the cold water.

He gulps at the stream for a long time before coming up for
air.

He lifts his head and catches his reflection in the mirror. 
He sees he has begun to sweat tiny beads of blood.  He tries
to wipe it off but he cannot.

He begins to cough.  He doubles over, his face turning bright
red, unable to breathe, unable to dislodge the object caught
in his throat.

He gags, a spray of blood dotting the sink, and hacks
something out onto the porcelain.

It is an entire ear with the earring.

He starts to scream.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

John, again, covered in sweat, bolts upright from his dream. 
There is blood on his lips.

He looks at his fist and opens it.  The earring is gone.

He starts to cry, collapsing into himself, curling up in the
bed.

                    JOHN
          Oh god.  What's happened to me?

INT.  SLIMAGE SURGICENTER - DAY

It is late, near the end of the day.  The phone rings and
Ophelia answers it.

                    OPHELIA
          Slimage Surgicenter, how can I help
          you?

                    DETECTIVE DARROW (V.O.)
          This is Detective Darrow with the
          Chicago P.D.  I need to speak with
          one Shelley M. Perdue.

                    OPHELIA
          Yes, of course.  One moment.

She puts the detective on hold.

                    OPHELIA
          Ms. Perdue, there is a police
          detective that would like to speak
          to you.

                    SHELLEY (V.O.)
          Really?  How strange.  Put him
          through.

                    OPHELIA
          Go ahead, detective.

Ophelia is about to disconnect but stops herself and stays on
the line.

                    DETECTIVE DARROW (V.O.)
          Ms. Perdue, I'm sorry to bother you
          but I'm investigating a missing
          persons and I need to ask you a few
          questions.

                    SHELLEY (V.O.)
          Of course, detective.

                    DETECTIVE DARROW (V.O.)
          Can you verify that Ms. Evelyn
          Sedier was a patient of yours?  

                    SHELLEY (V.O.)
          Yes, she was.  For several years,
          we've been seeing Evelyn for a
          variety of procedures.

                    DETECTIVE DARROW (V.O.)
          Did Ms. Sedier have an appointment
          scheduled on the afternoon of the
          12th?

                    SHELLEY (V.O.)
          Yes, she did.  But the appointment
          was canceled.

                    DETECTIVE DARROW (V.O.)
          Can you tell me why?

Ophelia fiddles nervously with her bandaged ear.

                    SHELLEY (V.O.)
          There had been a problem with
          Evelyn's payments for the past
          several appointments.

                    DETECTIVE DARROW (V.O.)
          She owed the clinic money?

                    SHELLEY (V.O.)
          Forty six thousand dollars, I
          believe was the figure.

                    DETECTIVE DARROW (V.O.)
          I see, one last question, Ms.
          Perdue.  Do you have any idea what
          might have happened to Ms. Sedier?

                    SHELLEY (V.O.)
          I'm sure I don't know, detective,
          but why don't you ask my secretary?

Ophelia looks back at the mirror, feeling the presence of
Shelley behind the silvered glass.

                    SHELLEY (V.O.)
          She has been listening to our
          conversation.  I suspect she can
          tell you what happened to poor
          Evelyn.

                    OPHELIA
          No, I don't know anything.

The phone line goes dead.  Ophelia twists back to find Rex
Mundi, his hand still over the phone.

                    OPHELIA
          Rex?  What are you doing here?

                    MUNDI
          You know the answer to that
          question, Ophelia.

                    OPHELIA
          I don't.  I swear I don't.

Mundi moves around the desk as Ophelia backs away.

                    MUNDI
          Of course you do.  You tried the
          coat on, didn't you?  You knew the
          truth the moment you tried it on.

                    OPHELIA
          No, that's a lie!

He steps closer and Ophelia pulls the dinner knife from her
pocket.

                    OPHELIA
          Get away from me!

                    MUNDI
          Oh yes.  I love a little vinegar in
          my greens.

He grabs for her and she swipes wildly, ducking past him and
bolting into the hall while --

Shelley appears behind her and grabs her by the throat.

                    SHELLEY
          Remember, Rex, she's mine.  You got
          the boy.  I get the girl.

Ophelia screams, fighting for the knife which she twists free
and --

Slashes across Shelley's breast, causing clear saline to arc
from the lacerated implant.

From behind, Mundi grabs Ophelia, lifting her into the air.

                    SHELLEY
          You little bitch!  You're going to
          pay for that!

INT.  OPERATING ROOM

Mundi slams Ophelia down onto the operating table.

                    OPHELIA
          No!  No!  Please!

He holds her down as Shelley holds her in place with a heavy
roll of white medical tape.

                    OPHELIA
          Why are you doing this?

                    MUNDI
          If you look deep enough, you know
          the answer, Ophelia.  Isn't this
          all your fault?  Didn't you bring
          John to the Mission in the first
          place?

                    OPHELIA
          Who are you?!

Mundi laughs.

                    MUNDI
          Would you like me to tell you that
          I am a demon, an incubi as old as
          hunger itself or that Shelley was
          born beneath the face of the first
          mirror?

                    SHELLEY
          Rex, never reveal a woman's age.

                    MUNDI
          Perhaps you would prefer a more
          secular answer.  That we are
          manifestations of human nature
          created by your subconscious to
          anthropomorphize your darkest
          fears, your guilt and desire.

He moves in closer, savoring her helplessness.

                    MUNDI
          The conclusion is really the same,
          isn't it, my dear?

He is close enough to whisper.

                    MUNDI
          Nature is evil.

He smiles, showing her the long hollow needle-tube of the
liposuction machine.  Ophelia begins to scream when Shelley
stuffs her mouth with gauze and secures it with more tape.

                    SHELLEY
          Suck it all out, Rex dear.  Suck
          her dry.  I want every last lovely
          drop.

The machine whirs to life, and Mundi begins inspecting the
meaty part of each thigh.

                    SHELLEY
          Don't worry, pretty girl.  It'll be
          over soon.  It's just another bad
          dream.

She smiles.

                    SHELLEY
          Isn't it?

Ophelia screams into her gag as Mundi inserts the needle and
begins to suck the life out of her until --

INT.  OPHELIA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT

She wakes, shaking with fear.

                    OPHELIA
          Oh god... John...

The words seems to conjure a resolve and she suddenly knows
what to do.

INT.  MISSION - NIGHT

Ophelia creeps down the back alley, looking for a way into
the mission.  She finds the basement window that Links broke
open.

INT.  MEN'S ROOM - NIGHT

Ophelia crawls down into the putrid lavatory.  The smell of
the basement assaults her.  Quietly, she moves through the
greasy rot of the showers and enters the locker labyrinth.

She hears someone descending the stairs.  Trying to keep
herself calm, she hides inside one of the lockers.

Kuru turns the corner just as she closes the door.  Carrying
several empty wine jugs, he walks past the locker where she
is hiding.

Through the metal slits she sees him.  Suddenly, like a dog
catching a scent, he stops.  His nostrils flare.

Blood pounds against her temples as her body sets, rigid with
fear.  He seems about to look straight at her when he turns
and continues on his way.

With painstaking care, she opens the locker, then hurries as
silently as she can to the stairwell.

INT.  KITCHEN - NIGHT

Coldly quiet, the kitchen appears to be empty.  Ophelia
rushes to the back staircase.

INT.  JOHN'S BEDROOM

Again wrestling with his dreams, John lays in a tangle of
sheets.  Ophelia sits softly beside him, touching him gently.

                    OPHELIA
          John.

He jerks awake as though electrified by her touch.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia?

He looks around, expecting another dream.

                    OPHELIA
          Yes.  It's me.  I'm here.

She touches his face and the warmth of her hand fills him
with emotion.  He wraps his arms around her, drawing her in
tight.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia... I'm so sorry...

                    OPHELIA
          No, it's not your fault.  I brought
          you here.

She takes hold of him.

                    OPHELIA
          John, look at me.  The police were
          at the clinic today, asking me all
          sorts of questions about Shelley
          and Ms. Sedier.  Then they started
          asking about Rex and the mission.

He pulls away from her.

                    JOHN
          You shouldn't have come here.

                    OPHELIA
          Why?  What's happening here?

                    JOHN
          Please, don't ask me that.

                    OPHELIA
          I want to help you.

                    JOHN
          You can't.  It's too late for me.

                    OPHELIA
          No.  I don't believe that.  Come
          on, we're getting out of here.

She grabs his clothes from the floor and begins dressing him.

                    JOHN
          Please, Ophelia, leave this place
          and just forget about me.

                    OPHELIA
          I can't.  I won't.  Don't you get
          it?  I love you.

He feels those words, trying to heal some part of him.

                    JOHN
          ... I love you too.

                    OPHELIA
          Then come with me.

He nods, when suddenly he sees something over her shoulder
that frightens him.

                    OPHELIA
          What is it?

She turns and finds Mundi standing behind her.

                    MUNDI
          Ophelia, you are, as always, a
          feast for the eyes.

Kuru stands at the door, a bloody baseball bat cradled in his
arms.

                    OPHELIA
          Rex?  Good.  I was hoping to see
          you.  I wanted to thank you and to
          say goodbye.

                    MUNDI
          Yes.  I believe you will be saying
          goodbye but you won't be leaving
          here, will she John?

John can almost feel Mundi squeezing his intestines.

                    MUNDI
          I spoke with Shelley, Ophelia.  She
          told me you were talking to the
          police.

                    OPHELIA
          I didn't tell them anything!  I
          don't know anything.

                    MUNDI
          Poor Ophelia, still living in
          denial.  Like so many others,
          unable to face what a part of them
          has always known to be true.  There
          is only one truth that is
          universal, that is eternal and
          everlasting.

His eyes gleam with the wet-black of coal.

                    MUNDI
          Hunger.

Ophelia feels the knife in her pocket.

                    MUNDI
          It is hunger that drives us, hunger
          for power, for love, for money, for
          beauty.  It is hunger that shapes
          us, that gives our lives purpose,
          and in the end, it is hunger that
          separates the world into the only
          two distinctions that matter: that
          of predator and that of prey.

He steps towards her with malice in his grin and she rips the
knife from her pocket.

                    OPHELIA
          Stay away from me!

                    MUNDI
          Oh yes, I do enjoy a little vinegar
          with my greens.

Ophelia feels a strange dyslexic blur of dreams and reality.

                    MUNDI
          What is it, Ophelia?  You look as
          if you've seen a ghost.

He grabs the knife hand, twisting it behind her.

                    OPHELIA
          No!  John, help me!

                    MUNDI
          Yes, John.  Help her.

Kuru hands John the bat.  He turns to Ophelia, his eyes cold
and dead.

                    OPHELIA
          John!  John!

                    JOHN
          Ophelia, you shouldn't have come
          here.

His grip tightens on the bat.

                    OPHELIA
          John, fight him.  It's not too
          late, you have to believe me. 
          John?  Please, I love you.

                    MUNDI
          Of course.  The magic elixir of
          love.  But what is love, really? 
          Sadly, it is little more than
          something we simply acquire a taste
          for, like sex, or power, or
          chocolate.  I myself must confess
          to a certain weakness for
          vegetarians.

He holds her face as if he might kiss her, staring at her
mouth.

                    MUNDI
          Such beautiful canines wasted...

Ophelia rips free of his grip and bites down, sinking her
teeth into his hand.  Mundi howls with rage as --

John's face contorts as a bestial cry rises out of him and he
raises the bat --

Smashing it down, cracking it against Mundi's head.

Ophelia tears free and Mundi falls while john attackes Kuru,
forcing him back into the bathroom until --

He grabs Ophelia and they bolt from the room.

Kuru helps Mundi, blood oozing down his temple as he quickly
regains consciousness.

                    MUNDI
          Kill them!

INT.  STAIRWELL - NIGHT

Otto rises up the stairs, a cleaver in each hand as Ophelia
and John turn, scrambling back up the stairs.

At the end of the hall, Kuru now rushes towards them as they
flee, running wildly through the first open door --

Slamming it and bolting it just as Kuru batters against it.

                    OPHELIA
          What are we going to do?

Caged windows glow with moonlight.  It seems that they are
trapped.  John examines them even as Kuru and Otto continue
to bludgeon on the door.

There is a small padlock and latch which is screwed into the
window jamb.

                    JOHN
          I need...

He takes the dinner knife from her.  The screws turn,
painfully slow, as the door shrieks with every shouldered
blow.

Finally, the cage opens.  They are over two stories above the
alley.  To the left, several windows away is an open window.

                    JOHN
          It's the only way.

The bolt begins to splinter.

                    JOHN
          You first.

Ophelia summons her courage and crawls out onto the stone
ledge.

                    JOHN
          I'm right behind you.

Forcing herself to stare at the open window, she edges toward
it.  John looks back once, the door suddenly quiet, then
climbs out onto the ledge.

Together they slide, inch by inch, along the thin stone edge.

                    JOHN
          Careful.

Ophelia slowly reaches for the sash, bending down, she crawls
into the dark opening.  There is a muffled bump, as if she
fell to the floor.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia?

He edges closer, unable to see inside the black hole.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia?

He is about to climb in when Otto jumps out at him.  John
shouts, twisting away but loses his balance --

His arms flail wildly, trying to find some kind of hold as he
begins to fall --

He dives forward, grabbing hold of the window ledge.  Legs
kicking helplessly, he dangles over the alley, holding onto
the ledge with one hand.

Mundi steps out of the shadows, looking down at John.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia!

                    MUNDI
          She's here.  Don't worry.  She'll
          be joining you soon enough.

Mundi smiles.

                    MUNDI
          You came here with only one thing
          to offer me.  Your hands.  That's
          why I couldn't let you leave, John. 
          We had a deal.

He nods to Otto and John suddenly sees the horror of what is
about to happen.

                    JOHN
          Nooo!

There is the flash of a sharpened wedge of steel as the
cleaver --

Buries itself into the wood sill, just behind the bone of the
wrist and --

John screams, plummeting to the alley below where he slams
into a pile of over-ripe bags of garbage.

                                           FADE TO BLACK.

FADE IN:

INT.  SHOWERS - NIGHT

We are unsure of where we are.  Dirty white lines of moldy
grout stretch out like lines of longitude of a dark, unreal
world.

We begin to move, dragged roughly, our blurry single eye
sliding along the greasy green ceramic tile.

Our vision fades in and out as the world begins to tilt with
a racheting chain ringing in our ears until the hard green
squares slowly fall away and spin lightly beneath us.

We are dangling there when we see the bloody stump at the end
of one arm as we realize that we are John, naked, hanging
upside down in the shower room.

Again, we black out.

INT.  MEAT FREEZER - NIGHT

Ophelia jerks awake.  She is inside a dark, cold space that
feels like a coffin.  Screaming, she beats against the door
which gives enough to let a sliver of light in.

Ice-cold, her skin is pale moon-white, her lips already blue. 
Her breath steams around her as she realizes she is locked in
one of the refrigerators packed with slabs of bright red and
white marbled meat.

INT.  SHOWERS - NIGHT

Kuru leans over the inverted John.

                    KURU
          You're stew now, John-boy.

                    OTTO
          What are you doing down here?  You
          see the time?  Granny's gonna need
          help serving.

                    KURU
          In a minute.  I just want a little
          sip of him while it's still nice
          and warm.

INT.  REFRIGERATOR - NIGHT

Ophelia kicks viciously at the door but a padlocked chain is
wrapped around and through the handle.

She cracks open the plastic shelve-form, exposing the inside
of the door.  Tearing out the old foam insulation, she finds
the nuts to the back of the handle.

INT.  LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT

Otto grabs his knives and the sharpener.  As he passes one of
the refrigerators, we see a handle screw turn and fall,
making a tiny plink against the floor.

INT.  SHOWERS - NIGHT

Half conscious, John begins to hear a familiar sound; zink,
zink.  He tries to reach up to free his feet but he has no
hand.

                    JOHN
          Ophelia...

                    KURU
          She's on ice, John-boy.  After
          dinner's served tonight, Rex
          promised us a little treat,
          sashimi.

Otto grabs his hair, pulling him back, exposing his throat.

                    OTTO
          Grab one of them bottles.

Kuru holds the bottle with the bloody funnel under John's
head.

The knife gleams unnaturally bright and long, like death's
scythe, arcing towards his neck.

Suddenly, all the basement lights go out.

                    OTTO
          Fucking fuses.

INT.  LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT

Behind the bank of refrigerators is the main fuse box.  Otto
slips in behind the largest freezer and finds the circuit
main has been tripped.

                    OTTO
          What?

INT.  SHOWERS - NIGHT

John sees his pile of clothes nearby.  They seem to be out of
reach but he begins to swing toward them, each time drawing
closer and closer.

INT.  LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT

Kuru finds the chain curled around the base of the
refrigerator and the inverted, limp handle.

                    KURU
          Otto!  Otto!

Otto turns just as Ophelia plunges a long boning knife into
Otto's hump.

                    OTTO
          You bitch!

He grabs for her but she knees him in the groin, shoving him
back against the wall where the knife hits the open fuse
box --

Electrifying Otto, cooking him instantly.

INT.  SHOWERS - NIGHT

With the faintest of holds, John catches the sleeve of his
coat.

INT.  LOCKERS - NIGHT

Kuru sees Otto's twitching body fall to the floor.  Ophelia
runs into the dark metal labyrinth of the lockers as Kuru
lunges after her.

INT.  SHOWERS - NIGHT

Straining to stay conscious, John searches the pockets until
he finds what he needs; the dinner knife.

INT.  LOCKERS - NIGHT

Ophelia creeps silently through the maze, trying to not even
breathe.

Kuru follows her scent; a true predator stalking its prey.

She turns a corner, moving through the black space by touch,
her fingers using the lockers as the blind use braille.

There is a sharp metal bang behind her.  She freezes, afraid. 
Crouching, she listens, almost feeling the darkness come
alive around her as --

We move up to the top of the locker where Kuru stands
barefoot, perched above her like a jungle cat.

His knife hisses against the leather of his belt.  Ophelia
hears it and bolts --

Rushing blindly, searching for the showers until --

She runs straight into Kuru.  He slams her back, pinning her
against the lockers.

The long knife traces down her body like a finger.

                    KURU
          Oh... I just been dying for a piece
          of this ass.

Hearing something, he turns to see John heave the enormous
wine jug --

Smashing down onto Kuru who crumbles under the explosion,
falling with a shower of blood and green glass.

Ophelia and John collapse into each other's arms.

INT.  KITCHEN - NIGHT

Granny stands at the edge of the basement stairs, calling
into the stygian dark.

                    GRANNY
          Otto!  Kuru!  Quit your monkey
          business and get up here!  Can't
          you hear them?

Behind her, through the double doors, the clatter of spoons
can be heard.

Fretting, she wipes her hands on her apron and goes to the
stove.

                    GRANNY
          Rex?  Rex!  Dammit, where are you? 
          I need help.

She tries to lift the enormous pot of stew but it is
obviously too heavy.  The stew sloshes about precariously and
as some spills over the edge, splattering against the floor,
the clattering spoons seem to react.

John, dressed now, with a towel wrapped around his hand,
leads Ophelia up from the stairs.  Granny whirls around.

                    GRANNY
          Oh?... John, Ophelia...

Her smile is dark and toothless.

                    JOHN
          We're getting out and if you try to
          stop us, I will kill you.

They cross to the metal backdoor but each and every lock has
been thrown.

                    JOHN
          Where are the keys?

Granny smiles innocently.

                    GRANNY
          I might know --

                    JOHN
          Where are they!

                    GRANNY
          Please, John, I need help.  Can't
          you hear them?  It's late.  So
          late.  They're hungry.  They have
          to eat.  Everyone must eat --

He rushes at her, pinning her throat against the metal
refrigerator with his forearm as he searches the pockets of
her apron.

                    GRANNY
          You can't leave, John!  No one
          leaves Rex!  No one!

John finds the keys but when he turns to Ophelia, Granny
attacks.

                    OPHELIA
          Look out!

She jumps on his back, knocking him into the counter where he
slams against the enormous oven.

Falling, he grabs hold of the oven door which yawns open as
they tumble to the floor.

Granny sinks her few remaining teeth into his shoulder, blood
bubbling out around her leathery lips as --

John, howling mad, gets hold of her and flips her over onto
the oven door which he quickly kicks shut --

Rolling her into the hot metal box, locking it shut as she
yowls in pain.  The oven jerks and bangs, smoke billowing out
until her screams die.

John stumbles over to the steel door.  The room seems to grow
quiet.

There is a dream-like quantity to the number of keys and
locks and a dream-like quality to the struggle to find each
match.

With only one hand, John fumbles the key ring.  Smoke swirls
around him, sweat stings his eyes as a single sound begins to
rise, like blood pounding in his temples, a sound that blots
out even the metal clatter of keys; the soft burble of stew.

                    OPHELIA
          John, let me help you.

He almost can't hear her as she takes the ring of keys.  The
stew continues to call, siren-like, luring him towards the
stove.

He stands over the pot, finger-like wisps of fragrant stew
steam curling around him, running through his hair.

Turning away, he looks at the smoke-blurred image of Ophelia,
trying to open the door.

                    JOHN
          Hurry... Please...

He sees himself reflected in the metal door of the
refrigerator.  A fat bubble of stew pops as the distant
rhythm of beating bowls grows more and more insistent.

His mouth begins to water, his stomach growls and, when he
glimpses the reflection again, he does not see himself, he
sees Mundi.

The final lock snaps open and Ophelia throws open the door. 
Outside, the alley seems empty.

                    OPHELIA
          John!  Come on!

When she turns back to the open door, Rex Mundi is there.

                    MUNDI
          Leaving before a meal is bad luck.

                    OPHELIA
          No!  John!

He grabs her by the neck, backing her into the kitchen,
gagging her with his other hand.

                    MUNDI
          It's all right, John.  Go ahead. 
          One last taste, one little finger
          dip, and then you can go.

John feels Mundi taking hold of him.

                    MUNDI
          I give you my word, John.  One last
          taste and I will release the lovely
          Ophelia and you and she may do as
          you wish.

Ophelia tries to scream, "No" as John stands at the edge of
the stove.

                    JOHN
          No.  No more deals.

John grabs the entire pot and lifts it.

                    MUNDI
          What are you doing?

He pitches the pot forward, throwing half the stew onto the
floor.

The steaming brown liquid rushes over Mundi and Ophelia's
feet, running across the tile, spilling under the double
doors.

                    MUNDI
          What have you done?

There is a huge commotion of scraping chairs and tables as
hundreds of people scramble to the doors.

The first few slam against them, followed quickly by a dozen
more.

John holds the pot which is half filled with stew.

                    MUNDI
          Give that to me.

John shakes his head as outside becomes a feeding frenzy,
tongues and fingers lapping at the bottom of the doors.

                    MUNDI
          If you want to live you will give
          that to me!

                    JOHN
          Let her go!

The frenzy becomes more and more violent, marked by bestial
cries as bodies begin pounding against the door.

                    MUNDI
          You're making your final mistake,
          John!

                    JOHN
          Let her go!

                    MUNDI
          Remember this, John.  Wherever you
          go, I'll be there with you. 
          Remember that.  You are what you
          eat.

He shoves Ophelia towards him.

                    MUNDI
          Now give it to me.

                    JOHN
          Take it!

He throws the remaining stew at Mundi, covering him from head
to toe in thick, brown gravy.

                    MUNDI
          Oh no.

The double doors burst open with a savage force as --

John and Ophelia jump into the alley, slamming the door shut,
bracing against it as the tidal wave of humanity slams Mundi
against the metal.

Blood pours out of the bottom of the door, an unnatural
amount of blood, a waterfall of red, rushing down the
concrete steps and washing over their feet.

The pounding against the door becomes --

INT.  DINER - NIGHT

The pounding of a single palm against a bottle of ketchup. 
The bottle coughs and the thick red sauce gushes onto a
hamburger.

                    HUNGRY MAN
          Mom, I'm starving.

As the man sinks his teeth into his hamburger, we see John
and Ophelia enter the diner.

It has been several days.  Both are bandaged, John's hand
thoroughly wrapped, and are carrying their suitcases.

The fat cook watches as Ophelia reaches into her pocket.  She
slaps the dinner knife onto the counter.  It is bent and
flecked with blood.

Arm in arm, they turn and leave.

                                                FADE OUT.

